__label__pos even when we didnt have a car filenes basement was worth the bus trip to the waterfront . i always find something usually i find 34 things and spend about 60 and better still i am always still  the clothes and shoes 3 months later . nni kind of suspect this is the best shopping in pittsburgh its much better than the usual department stores better than marshalls and tj maxx and better than the saks downtown  when it has a sale . selection  and quality.nni like this filenes better than gabriel brothers which are harder to  to . gabriel brothers are a real discount shoppers challenge and im afraid i didnt live in pittsburgh long  to develop the necessary skills . . . filenes was still up and running in june 2007 when i left town .
__label__pos good    dumpling and  beef . bar service was fast and  . good  . not a 5  dragon eye tea was cold first time around and  had minor amount of fat . fortune was even postive
__label__neg ive been here quite a few times and i always try to like it cause theres a lack of good  bars near pitt . they have a ton of nice hdtvs.nneverytime i go there is always a weird  to  or more of the beers that i  . i was just there for the pittoakland game and got a redhook . i drink this beer regularly and something was wrong with the beer . its definitely hard to describe but something is always off others in my  notice it too.nnthe food is hit or miss . i got the french onion soup last time . it was good . nothing ground breaking but solid soup . ive had the pork nachos and they were blah .
__label__pos im a creature of habitive been  a savory and sweet item each  im around the  . white  cake is divine quiches always tasty .  are alittle too sweet . i wish the cake slices werent 4pop . otherwise would be a regular here .
__label__pos what a gem of a place in shadyside . it s places like this that makes me miss living there . food was outstanding because it was our first time we wanted to do a little bit of this and that . 2 appetizers becky s salad and the special of the eve smoked salmon on crostini with creme fresh a clam dish forgot name with the best tomatoewhite wine i could have drunk from the bowl broth becky s salad the lemon dressing was out of this world deliciousagain could have drunk it good . i m usually not  of  in my salad but the crumbled goat cheese made me forget about my dislike of it that i ate it  . good pairing . the special of the night we opted for sharing the lamb  with reduced red  sauce and simple veggies . small veggie selection by american standardshalf russet potato slither of zucchini and a stem of green onion but the star afterall was the lamb and it was meduim perfect just as i ordered nwould you care for some dessert ramon our waiter he was fabulous asked . and so  3 begins . coffee a chocolate mousse with whip cream beauty and ... their version of creme brulee . i thought it had a hint of peanut butter but not sure . regardless it was so so divine.nthis place was busy but we did not feel rushed unlike most places . the service was great the  quaint it s definitely a neighbourhood cafe alot of  clientele from what i gathered . we shall return.nfinally on an end note . cafe zinho is byob so bring your favourite bottle or magnum of vino . and they only take cash or personal check but they do have an atm .
__label__pos pages is a pittsburgh icon . the ice cream is good the selection is vast and the price is right . they have so many different things to try its  impossible to choose . im a  fan of the cookie sundae brownie sundae and cinnamon roll sundae . the options at this place are pretty much endless . but sometimes a regular soft serve sugar cone is the way to go . its better than dairy queen and you support a local business by going here . what more could you ask for . nni dont know if i would say that pages has particularly superior soft serve but its the experience and variety that makes this a four star place . i do think the ice cream is better than somewhere like dairy queen but not by much . what makes pages special is wide variety of options and soft serve flavors . its also the nostalgia that goes along with it . its a  that hasnt changed much in its lifetime and thats what most people like about it . you can count on pages to be there every marchoctober . theyre going to offer the same treats you loved as a kid for your whole lifetime . it  the  of the seasons and brings back memories for people . it means a lot more to  than just a  ice cream stop . nnfor those who have never been there there is no interior so youll have to eat in your car or standing outside . i prefer to open the back of my suv sit there and enjoy the night while i eat my ice cream . the parking lot is hectic and downright scary sometimes . i typically avoid this place on busy nights just for that reason . nnbeware they only accept cash . but there is an atm on site
__label__neg our experience not so great . we have mortgage as well as basic free checking and savings with dollar in squirrel hill . mortgage application process was brutal . starting with the advertised rate of 2.85 being suddenly not available when we decided to lock it in got 3.01. automatic deduction of mortgage payment was required to secure this  and it came out of the required dollar checking account on the first business day of the month . free checking is free ... until . beware of funds availability policy . we deposit a check monthly at the end of the month . in august the end of the month was a weekend and labor day was on september 1. so our check did not get deposited until 92. mortgage payment hit on 92. it was paid but we were charged 36 insufficient funds due solely to funds availability policy . after doing this first dollar then merrily hits us with two more 36 charges on smaller checks that would have cleared had they been processed before the mortgage payment . had we not been required to submit to automatic deduction of mortgage according to our monthly statement we had at least 10 days grace to make the payment so dollars requirements and  trapped us into this situation . moreover there was over 3000 in the associated savings account that was ignored . i called to protest and one of the  fees was waived . then i was offered the deal of overdraft protection from the savings account for an  fee plus a 10  fee should this situation ever arise again . needless to say i declined this deal and transferred the savings to the checking account where it sits until i find  bank and then fire dollar .
__label__neg the store reeks of rotting fish the security guards watch you like a  and the  selection is the worse ive seen in any  eagle in the city.nnone plus if you must shop here there are plenty of  drivers waiting for you to come out to offer you a ride . that can be a big help if you are like me and dont have a car . need a car haha some things about living in the hood just  change . nnwith this being the closet  e to downtown and pnc park and heinz field i would  they  renovate but its been years and still no change .
__label__pos seattle may have just won the  super bowl but the steelers still  with  rings baby just  what all  fans know a steel dynasty is still  no matter what  claims the title of current super bowl champs..  steelers
__label__neg there were 3 of us on a  sunday afternoon . surprisingly rolands was 34 full . with 3 waitresses . they were  to fill orders . nthe fish was hot and crispy . it was fried but it was good . the french fries with it tasted as if they were fried in the same  or an oil that shouldve been changed several days ago . nthe mussels were ok. nbut the clams casino were inedible . the clams were served raw with a burnt bread crumb  . the crab cakes were also bad . both went back . the waitress never asked if we wanted something else or if the rest of the meals were fine .  new england clam chowder was good but overpowered by the smoky bacon that was added to the soup . nno we wont  back..the food was lacklusterbetter fix at wholleys and the service was  . it took 20 minutes to  someone to take the bill .
__label__pos the sicilian pizza is huge  crusty on the outside  in the middle . the regular thin crust pizza was loaded with toppings.nnmy only complaint is that the pizza was served luke warm . i want my   hot almost burning the roof of my mouthnnthe overall taste made up for the temperature difference and i was happy with the overall experience . both the  and the  were friendly .
__label__pos really marvelous art presented in a beautiful setting . the gift shop is one of the best in the  . they feature crafts from artists around the world and local . shows are well lit and well  . downstairs are studios where they  classes on metals wood  mixed media and bookpaper  beginning to advanced . they do a great job of  outside  and fundraisers .
__label__pos 4 stars for the  . there are not many places in pittsburgh to dine along the water and the outdoor seating at redfin blues is fantastichuge outdoor deck with lots of tables under umbrellas . it was the perfect venture for sunday funday and i dont  why i have never been here beforewell it is pretty hidden . they have a large parking lot and the outdoor seating was seat yourself . it wasnt crowded so the service was fine but i could see on a busy friday or saturday the service would be less than  . we drank a beer they only have bottled beers and sat by the river to watch the  go by . the beers are pricy as our curious traveler shandy was 6.50 each but it was a perfect  for a hot day the  is mostly seafood and priceythe buffalo shrip where you only get  was 11. it was only 3pm so we went with an appetizer of cheese fries with bacon and ranchdelicious and how could you go wrong the fries had a tasty seasoning on them .
__label__neg my girlfriend really hyped this  up but i ended up  110 on a terrible  i couldnt even eat . i ordered the chicken marsala waitresss favorite and it was  . the sauce was very over powering and it was drenched in it . if that wasnt bad enough the  was cheap dark meat with the skin and the bones on it . i ended up leaving even though our  included a dessert with the price . wont be going back here ...
__label__pos the reason for this update is the service . the hotel itself is still beautiful and the food is above average . all  four stars . i was a bit disappointed initially with some of the prearrangements . in the past i was able to have a  room and the fee waived for the coat check girl . friday night because the party was a bit smaller than the last they only discounted the room and charged full fee for coat check carving station etc . now with that being said the service was over the top 5 stars from start to finish . i get there and am running a bit late . i ask the bellboy eric how long for a shoe shine he states its pretty much an overnight service . i tell him im in a rush . he runs downstairs and shines them himself done in 30 minutes . while im  my contact for the night ryan hunt sends up a cheese dish with a bottle of above average wine . the party goes off without a hitch great staff good food some  wines and good premium open bar . after the hotel party we are walking outside and run into eric bellboy again ask for directions to other club instead of giving them to us he  us to the club . one of the girls wanted  and instead of directing her to the store . he ran down and bought them for her and brought them back .  did i  he was done working for the night and just did this off the clock . the next morning i get a ring around 11 am in the hotel room and its the bellboy bringing up aspirin and bottled water from a long night prior . everything about this place is three to four stars . my main pet peeves are the valet cost 17 and 25 overnight . there lack of flexibility in foodbev minimums but the service is over the top great or at least my contacts were over the top great with service . you cant go wrong in pittsburgh for an event at this spot .
__label__pos my husband and i decided to  an overnight in downtown pittsburgh last minute . we already had dinner reservations and show tickets we just had to find a hotel room . the renaissance hotel is literally next door to the byham theatre where we had show  . i walked in and there was a wedding on the iconic stairs in the foyer it was so beautiful with guests not only seated on the lobby space but also in the balconies on the second  . i came in just as the ceremony was finishing . and when they were pronounced husband and wife those in the balcony threw flower petals upon the couple . the hotel handled those like myself who were not part of the wedding very professionally so the ceremony would not be disturbed but still service incoming guests . nncheck in was very  as my husband went to the restaurant to meet our dinner reservation while i checked into the hotel . i was able to take the luggage to the room and return to the restaurant a couple blocks away without even being late . i really liked the makeup mirror since i have to take off my glasses to apply my makeup.nnwe had dinner and enjoyed our show . we got out of the show and went to the bar for a late night  and a drink . we got there at 1045pm and waited and waited . at 1104 a blonde waitress finally came to our table after delivering food to another table . we asked to see a menu but was informed that the kitchen had closed at 11pm . we finished the drinks we had ordered but had to pay the bartender because the waitress had left for the night . the bartender was a gentleman as i had two bills stuck together when i paid him and he  us outside to return the other one . we had to go across the street to another establishment to get something to eat.nnother than the snafu in the bar all the staff from check in to check out were very nice and professional . the room was very clean and comfortable . as the need comes up i will probably choose this hotel when i need to stay downtown again . it is so close to pnc park across the clemente bridge and it is in the heart of the cultural district so all the theaters are very close by . it is also close to public transit so you can get anywhere in pittsburgh from that spot without having to go too far .
__label__neg    and   . you    better choices.they do not keep to a high standard of service.nthe rooms are not worth the money .
__label__pos great spot for weird or obscure  general maintenance items and to  a wrench or two .  is like a wise eccentric uncle . i remember going there for my  time in the early 90s and it hasnt changed in almost   .
__label__pos   from the   . nngreat   sauces nice crust lots o beer.nnno complaints whatsoever
__label__neg the last  or so times ive  theyve been closed  minutes early.nnon the plus  ive discovered i  damn good with longer  .
__label__pos if you were to base 7 cees as a restaurant it definitely will get one star . however this place is known as a grease spoon dive . that is exactly what it is and by far the very best dive diner that i have ever been too . nn jeanie is great . she will be your greeter your hostess your waitresses your personal cook your bus person and your cashier . whew jeanie is not a jeannie in a bottle . she can not snap her fingers so that your meal magically will  in front of you . she is the only person that i have ever seen working in there and you will definitely need time to wait and wait for your food.nn her cooking area is  small . trust me you do not want to question her about where your meal is or how much longer it will take for you to get it . jeanie does swear like a sailor but in a quiet mild manner and not like a  lunatic . when you come here you will have to except every swear word constantly flowing from her mouth . trust me i hate it with a  when people swear but with jeanie it is okay.nn but with jeanie you have to know it is coming and it will be coming in full force . however while jeanie will swear like a sailor she greets  with a kind and sweet heart . she will make your order the way you want it . beware the portions are huge the coffee is endless . the prices are very reasonable . nn so why only four stars when it should really be a five . well as i mention jeanies   a sailor is part of the 7 cees experience . i can deal with hearing damn mf shit etc . i can not stand hearing my  friends name being used in vain or as curse words . when people say jesus christ name or god followed by the d word ... . i get upset .
__label__neg i just dont understand the  . ive tried this place twice thinking that i somehow had a lemon of a burger the first time . and then returned a few months later . nope . the smoked flavor is okay and the meat seems fresh but where the hell is the flavor i can go as far as saying that i dont believe that they even season the burger with salt and pepper . if i closed my eyes it is possible that i wouldnt even know that it was a hamburger . that is embarrassing . maybe if youre used to eating 99 cent burgers sysco  or at chain restaurants then you would find this to be amazing . ive had some of the best  at many cities in the us and this is an embarrassment to pittsburgh . go to brgr if you want a  burger near  . on the other end of the  were the sides . the sides were classics but definitely above average especially the home fries . i would consider a 1 star  if it werent for them . additionally the place is overly crowded and had a long wait during the weekend . the decor is old school and seems satisfied in its current state . just like the food itself . file this one under legacy restaurant still living on its past accolades .
__label__pos i ate here this past saturday night for dinner with three other dining companions . we arrived at around 7 pm and were quoted for a 35 minute wait upon which the hostess suggested that we go to the wine bar in the back . the wine bar is not exactly in the same building but is a few feet out of the back door of  pizzaiolo . the wine bar was bursting at its seams for the first five minutes that we were there we could not move much past the door . eventually the crowd quieted down and i was able to see a beautiful bar a fireplace with chairs bookcases full of  on wine and italy and some trendy paintings . after about an  wait we were finally seated in the main dining room.nnthe main dining dining room was nothing special in my opinion as there was nothing that i can remember that really stuck out . our waiter came to our table quickly and our  ordered the arancini since we were hungry . it came out  balls to the plate on a bed of marinara sauce and tasted pretty good . for dinner i was having a hard time deciding on whether i should have a handmade pasta or the pizza and eventually decided to get both . my pasta entree was the paglia e fieno which consisted of handmade tagliatelle with prosciutto in a cream sauce . the tagliatelle was made with either spinach or eggs and the  green and beige color combined with the color of the meat gave a nice visual presentation to the backdrop of the cream sauce . it also tasted wonderful and none was left on my plate whenever i was done . my pizza was the diavola since i like spicy things and consisted of spicy salami chile pepper basil and different cheese . once again the colors were nice and i absolutely loved the pizza especially some of the pieces where i got what seemed to be larger than normal gobs of  . my dining companions all also complimented their meals and we were more than happy with the service.nnthe bottom  for me is that i would definitely come back here in the future . the food was fantastic and not as expensive as i had expected while the service was good . i would recommend that you either get their earlier or later on the weekend though to avoid the large crowd that we ran into .
__label__pos     atmosphere   but not  for the quality and 
__label__neg  grill was long one of my favorite spots to goto just about any night of the week . however its changed in recent months and i dont think i will return.nnon a recent thursday night my friend and i had possibly the worst waitress ever . her name was amanda and this is my story about her as our waitress.nnshe was not  for about 15 minutes after we were sat . she finally appeared and asked us for our drink order . she disappeared for about 10 minutes before returning . she served us our drinks then immediately left for another table . it was another 5 to 10 minutes before she  by again this time taking our  for food.nnshe return 5 minutes later with another round of drinks which we dont remember ordering but we werent going to complain . we never saw her the rest of the night.nnother waitresses were making their rounds every 5 minutes out on the  but ours never appeared once . i thought she may have died in back in the kitchen or was burned beyond recognition . i even asked one of the other waitresses out of concern for her safety if she was okay . she said they would check . she returned not long after and said she was alright . i relaxed a little until another 15 minutes went by ... it was now about 30 minutes since we had ordered and no food.nnwe waited a bit longer we still hadnt seen amanda our waitress for those paying attention . an hour went by and we had had enough . i  couldnt believe this . not only did we not have our food but we hadnt seen our waitress in an hour . an hour . what the 
__label__neg they just broke into my house without any notice to show around . they  so violently i almost mistaked it for gunfire . then before i was able to say anything they broke in . there was at most 2  interval between the knock and the break in . i wasnt dressed and the guy just said oh  were showing the apartment and stormed into my kitchen . ridiculous . i started ranting as soon as they left the room . this is totally invasive and disrespectful . i didnt read their lease very carefully when i moved in and i totally regret it they shoved it to me and  me everything must be  by the end of the day so i thought whatever how bad could it be . apparently breaking into the house without any notice is written into the lease here and if you dont comply theyll fine you as much as your units monthly rent around 1000 for telling them no you cant enter the house . ive  of several  like this . theyre unbelievably  and try to juice as much out of your pocket as possible .
__label__pos we order takeout here several times a month . the  is always very good and quite plentiful for a takeout order . the quality seems pretty consistent as well . they even called me  once to double check something on the  . that was really nice . delivery times are  good and theyre very fast on slow days . meals in the  or also highquality . my  and i have probably eaten here 40  in the last five years .
__label__pos having been in charlotte only a year id despaired of finding good german cuisine in the qc . turns out you have to  to pineville . also turns out its well worth the drive.nnthe waldhorn is a little  but appropriately so . their tap selection is wellchosen and good . the rolls are pretzely and fantastic . the sauerkraut is sauer enough though they do the sweet carawayseed version . the wurst is the best in charlotte . please dont kill me.nnwe started with the  plate served with mustard sauerkraut and rolls . there was plenty and i shouldve stopped there but i hadnt had good german food in a while and was in a celebratory mood.nni had the jagerschnitzel . it was made entirely of food .  was thin crispy and delicious . red cabbage was firm and sweet . spu00e4tzle needed salt but it usually does . heated up well the next day alsothere was a lot of it.nnshe had the venison . sweet lord . that is all.nnan older gentleman in liederhosen and wielding an accordion played throughout the place but never so loud as to be distracting . i like the accordion though so your mileage  vary.nnit is a little pricier than i wouldve liked but i dont think that is going to stop me from going back . regularly .
__label__pos i love al mikes . the  is  in the beautiful first ward neighborhood . theyve  great food a good  list and a very chill  . i typically get the  cheese burger while my boyfriend loves to get the london  sandwich or the pita chicken wrap with honey mustard . the fries and onion rings are delicious too . plus its nonsmoking which i love . i just wish it stayed open later .
__label__pos great place tucked away in 4th ward . youd  know it was there . only caveat is that parking is nearimpossible . strict  parking rules make it tough to come here if youre driving . nnlondon  sandwhich was  .  ambiance as well . nnhope to  soon .
__label__pos this is a beautiful museumnnthe  is used   a maze though an easy  as you  through the exhibits . the  gin was my favorite  of the museum . the barbers chairs are  too there is a small theater also which plays an introduction to the exhibit .
__label__pos this is a great stop for a meal if your going to a bobcats game or any event at time warner arena.nthey have covered garage parking for just  and a menu that just wont quit . theyve got  for everyone.ntry the  tacos two fresh and flavorful crispy tacos covered with a  flour tortilla ... the flavor screams at you ... nif its busy you can  a game of  on the two billiard tables or sit at the bar and enjoy on of the many big screen plasmas . nits a five mimute walk to the bobcats and the  line lynx with easy access  to panthers .
__label__neg went here for a bachelorette party of 12 girls we had a reservation waited 10 minutes to be seated was seated a four different tables that we had to asked be  together . we then sat at least 15 minutes before we were greater and our drink order was taken but the drinks took  25 minutes before  . when our drinks did arrive the server ran off before taking our dinner order more time passes ... we order and our food comes out pretty reasonably 1520 minutes . when the food did come out three orders were missing completely our server did not bring our food and was nowhere to be  we sat waiting until finally she came by . at this point weve been here well over an hour . the manager comes by gets the food out says that there would be a free round of drinks for the whole table . i didnt receive the drink  by the manager and when i asked the  i got a look this was the first and only time i asked her about anything she brought the drink as i was returning from the restroom and said that an entire bottle of wine would be brought out due to the issues we explained that we had other commitments that it wasnt necessary . then the manager threw in two bottles of champagne at this point im pretty sure he knew that nobody had a great experience and was trying to save face . nnin the end the manager was great at  up for the lack of  we received but with so many options in downtown charlotte i would chose another place next time .
__label__neg summary beautiful hotel highly errorprone staff . nnit is rare to find a hotel as beautiful as this . the look is very modern which i happen to love . it has a decent gym which is  rare for a hotel . there is a very soothing bar area with live gentle jazz music . the staff are very professional in demeanor and friendly . this could be an awesome place to stay . nni experienced the following over two staysnni arrive 11pm exhausted from travel only to be told that the hotel is full . the only room they have left to offer me is half a parlor room . i was given a sofa bed to sleep on . i had made the reservation several weeks prior with guaranteed late arrival . nni get to the room and the electronic key does not work . i call the front desk on my cell phone and wait in the hall 20 minutes half asleep for a guard to show up . his key does not work either . nnok this kind of thing happens sometimes at the  hotels right nni gave a  and slacks to laundry . that evening i receive  elses underwear instead of my own clothes . nni gave a pair of jeans to dry clean specifying not to wash because they would shrink . well the  arrived that evening no longer my size.nna pattern develops.nnon the third night around 11pm a large heavy set man knocks at my door . he claims to be security but show no identification . he wants to  my id . highly suspicious i dont open the door and i slip my gym copy of my license under the door . later he returns with  and insists i accompany them to the front desk . later they apologize for the error . what were they were thinkingnna waitress in the bar area ignores several requests for menu and a drink over a 20 minute period . the bar area has maybe half a dozen customers at the time . nna gym attendant wants you to sign in but has no pen . nnthe weather report button on the  gives you a recording describing yesterdays weather.nnetcetera.nnbottom line stay here for the serenity and beauty of the decor but you will need the patience of a saint
__label__pos i had a tremendously positive experience at this westin the 12thish or so ive  at this year . nn beautiful very newseeming propertyn great location pretty close to anything youll needn reasonable prices on selfparkingn excellent servicen extremely clean wellkept and comfy space i was on the  floor ... so i  i can only speak for itn upgraded to a corner  that was amazingvery well  functional and comfortablennagain this is my 12th or so westin stay this yearand it has been the best of all of those .
__label__neg after  three afternoons off work to  for technicians that  showed up my internet was finally installed at which  i was informed that even though i ordered wireless wireless isnt  unless you pay an extra 11 monthly fee for the router . the technician a very nice guy  me to purchase my own router which i did . when i called  warner to register the ip i was informed that there is a separate 7 a month fee to use your own router . horrible horrible company . i hope all the ceos get halitosis and their wives  them for john mayer .
__label__pos  in a surprise nntaking a light outdoor walk from camden southend to the streets of uptown charlotte sure makes one hungry . the first place that caught my  was a resilient green light coming off  tryon . it was so bright it was reflecting off the mirror statue at the  museum across the street . the next thing i know i am staring the menu at the best table in the house . if you have ever walked past this place you know what table it is . the light music and privacy of the booth makes for intimate conversation and romantic situations . the comfortable and spacious booth allows you to play footsy all night without hurting yourself . nni had the mussels which were euphoric . cooked in some type of wine butter and cream which happen to be damn good when mixed together . my palate was very pleased and upset at the same time . pleased with the sauce from the mussels running down my  but upset when the  empty shell fell with the others . happily in a coma after being satisfied by a taste i could only once wonder about i got myself the check . i didnt care how much it was it was good the service was astounding and i was so comfortable at this point i could not even set a price on this kind of experience . popped it open and to my surprise i walked out of there paying less than 100 for two peoplewines appitizersdesserts . nnafter stumbling to the door trying to shake off my coma i gave one glance back at the  of magic and thought to myself ill be back here before i know it to take on a new adventure for my taste buds .
__label__neg the worst customer service by server and manager . weve been coming here for years . tonights experience is one of the worst restaurant experiences ive ever had . supposedly there was a computer  with our food . fine i  it happens sometimes . however while waiting two hours we repeatedly asked our server about our dinner . we got the same response every time . itll be right up . he did notnconsider actually checking on the food . all the tables around us came ate and left . meanwhile our server could not even  to bring water to the table without being asked multiple  . nnafter i stopped asking nicely about our food the server finally  to inquire . the manager offered to comp two beers for waiting two hours if we wanted to just leave . how generous . otherwise she offered to discount our meals and offered us what we thought was another round of beers . she did not even follow through on that promise . we were  one free beer each . pathetic . over 80 of the restaurant was filled with people from our convention . people who make it a point to dine here every time we  . nnthe server never apologized . nor did he bother to even clear our plates.nnthere are plenty of other places to spend your money where it will be appreciated .
__label__pos since i have promised myself that im not allowed to move away from charlotte until i have  at every restaurant i figured that restaurant week would be a perfect time to visit luce a small uptown spot that has been on my list for years . upon arrival our  wasnt quiet ready . no problem there because the suggestion to grab a drink at the bar was a given .  away in the corner the attentive bargoddess  poured us wine and presented us with nibbles . supercrunchy potato chips which appeared to be made in house as well as a heaping handful of olives were placed in  of us . nnthese . olives . nni wanted to fall asleep in a bowl if these olives . i dont  what kind of magic the cooksakaolivewizards behind the scenes of the closed kitchen put into them fresh garlic fresh rosemary tears of their first born but im talking life changing . like little baby  . nnthe food was great service  and friendly.nill definitely be back ... .for the olives .
__label__neg what the hell phils tavern every time i come here usually before a show things just dont work out . i wanted them to but they just didnt.nnfood the only food ive tried here were the jalapano poppers and then i never tried anything here again . how do you burn something in a deep fryer normally id just be impressed but i was hungry . nndrinks their  specials are nothing to write home about . the dirty martini was weak and the  shrivelled spanish olives skewerd on a coffee stir did not impress . at least it was only 5. unfortunately the corona of the person i was with only cost fifty cents less than that . 4.50 for a  corona do not want.nnservice nice but few and far between.nnatmosphere dank dirty sticky ... these are only a few of the descriptors for this  . i  the day where i will have no choice but to use the facilities here.nnoverall ndont waste your time and money . i hear theres better  in this area i just need to find them .
__label__pos i finally got a chance to eat here  to one of my friends very generous christmas gift ive only ever been in for drinks so dinner was a firstnnwe sat in a  booth for just the 3 of us and i started with the pineapple stoli doli and it is dangerous i could have had like 10 ... i didnt but i could have we started with the   and wagyu beef carpaccio both were good . nnfor my entree i had the porcini rubbed delmonico ribeye when it came out it was huge and perfectly cooked . we had gotten 3 sides starting with the lobster mac n cheese which was very good but like my friend said there was nothing that made it omg we also had the onion rings and sauteed spinach which were also good.nnwe had the creme brulee for dessert and that was perfectly  than i  it was  to be and just the right amount of sweetness to finish the dinner.nnour server was very nice and helped when it  to picking out the wine and his suggestion was great we all enjoyed it
__label__pos my mouth is watering just thinking of the capital grille in charlotte . i dont get to come here that often considering the price tag but when i do its always nothing short of super fantastic . this particular capital grille is very classy from the service to decor to the selections of food and wine . the  is very attentive professional and informative . the food is insanely  and  feed you for days on end nncapital grille hands down receives my best cheesecake in charlotte award i usually describe their cheesecake as this its a ny cheesecake with a cookie doughlike crust instead of a graham cracker crust and with a cremebrulee sugarflambeed topping . its freakin unbelievable i would get just that cheesecake togo on a random night if i ever wanted to nnbut i  ... they also have a nice patio on the sidewalk of tryon and 5th st. if you fancy peoplewatching while you enjoy a 4 course meal . theyve also just added a lunch bites menu that is for those who need to eat and run at a much smaller price than their usual dinner fare.nncapital grille is just the place to go if youre looking to impress business clients for a classy date night or for a  occasion with family or friends . make a reservation and be prepared to eatdrink like royalty and drop money like youre  it rain
__label__neg when parking uptown they are really your only option . which is  as some of their lots have reasonable rates . my reason for the low review comes from the user experience side of thing and their overall customer service.nnmy main problem with them  from rude people is that there is no way to update your  information online . my credit card was cancelled and upon receiving my new card midmarch i called immediately to update my information so come april they would have updated information . obviously i would have much rather done this all online but alas there was no other option but to call . they assured me that the new card was placed on file and we were good to go . fast forward to april 5th and i receive an email saying that my card did not  through and i would be fined an additional 25. they had charged the wrong card . they sent me this email on saturday afternoon and i immediately called only to be told that the people who handle payments dont work on weekends and i would need to call back during business  the girl could have been a lot nicer.nni call first thing monday morning and explain what happennot in an accusing tone by any means because im well aware that the likelihood of the girl i was speaking to having made this mistake was slim so why yell at the messenger she immediately responded in a defensive tone saying there is no way that error could have occurred and it was my fault for not giving them the new information . i tried to explain again the course of events and she would not have it . she updated my credit card information now for the second time so lets see if it goes through for may.nnoverall here is how i feelnntremendous amount of parking options offered in uptownnpoor customer servicenpoor  experiencenoverpricednnif youre going to take hundreds of dollars for me every year at least give me decent people . and if you dont give me decent people then give me a way to do what i need to do  so i dont have to deal with them .
__label__neg gross ni can not believe my experience with this hotel . i started getting rooms  when friends from out of town come in . i was at the westin 2 weeks prior which was amazing and a very great experience . so i thought hey for my friends birthday coming up more people are  i want to get an even better place so the omni i thought would be great and its right next to epicenter were made reservations at flemings ... nnwe took pictures of how disgusting the room looked there was a cockroach wing not in a  but in an obvious position on the middle of the floor . the chair in the room was extremely dirty and stained . i stayed at the westin just 2 weeks before and the omni couldnt even hold a candle to that place . i have no idea why they are considered a nice hotel it is the worst room i have ever stayed in ever . nthere is nothing modern about the hotel there is a difference in vintage style and just plain and out of date . the last time i saw a  this small and out of date was spring break in panama city and that was a cheap last minute hotel we had to take but at least it was right on the beach . i dont care how close this is to  its not worth the price.nwe had friends from out of town that just couldnt believe how gross the room was . we only stayed one night . thank god  front desk people were snarky and made you feel as if you were being judged you have to walk by them any time you  your room . the whole experience was  and uncomfortable.ni am going to post the pics
__label__neg avoid this   they  salmonellannour  experience at this restaurant was the worst i can remember we sat for over 15 minutes with no waiter and only after we went to the hostess did the waiter show up.nni ordered what the waiter claimed was their signature dish paella latorre . it was served with ice cold mussels and the entire dish was less than warm . i called over the waiter and explained . 15 minutes later he returned with the dish and claimed the chef had reheated it . while the plate was hot the food was still tepid . i called the waiter over again and told him . he argued that he saw the chef reheat the food . by this time my business associate had almost completed his meal so i ate as much as i could and left about 13.nnwe told the waiter that we expected the restaurant to do something about the check . he returned with the credit card receipt and said there was nothing he could do . we called the manager to the table and he refused to see our point and said there was nothing he would do.nnthe following week i contacted blerim meta the general manager of this restaurant as well as aquavina . he has also refused to do anything and also refused to apologize for the terrible experience.nnavoid this restaurant  aquavina
__label__neg although the price is  and the fried rice is pretty good its  overshadowed by the off  of the beef and chicken dishes . the  with scallion is 90   which isnt  listed as an ingredient and the dumplings are incredible hulking globs .
__label__pos had the  special last night at mamas and it was  . pure  meat   in a  sauce with perfectly cooked rigatoni . chef  hits  home run .
__label__pos  an  print and framing shop on the corner of 35th and north davidson tattoo artist and native charlottean joey vernon has put together a shop full of phenomenal artist with fus custom tattoos that has become one of the busiest businesses in the  neighborhood in the last year.nnthe noninked can cringe and marvel at the artistry with the window booth on gallery crawls while fans of skin art can get tattooed in the  and social set up throughout the rest of the shop . or they can swing in and scope out the adjacent baku  gallery that houses some of the ink houses artists canvas works beyond the skin.nnin my thirteen some odd years of being tattooed and having sat for  different artist this is one of the most laid back and social tattoo parlors that i have graced . it makes for a very comfortable setting during what can prove to be a somewhat uncomfortable experience.nnold school traditional japanese black work et cetera . they have a stable of more than competent artist that can either translate the artwork you bring with you or create a one of a kind piece to last a lifetime.nni have sat with matt terry who is insanely good and look forward to having joey work on me in the not too distant future ...
__label__pos thoroughly impressed with this airport . nnnot that im some great world traveler but all the more  . see when i booked my virgin transatlantic flight yes virgin with a lower case vas in i was popping my passport cherry not capital v as in going on the airline i needed an airport that wouldnt drive me batty with traffic . as fun as it would have been to fly through a big name airport like jfk or laguardia i think i might have regretted it . in fact on the return leg i was even more grateful . nnbeing a noob i took to the interweb for advice . i had read in some online travel blog about how i should book 3 hours between connecting flights for the first  back on us soil to get through customs get to the new plane blah blah blah . i read that charlotte was well organized . my flight only gave me two hours and change but there was a later one on the same airline to the same destination if i should happen to miss my connection . so i felt okay about it . nnwhen we touched down on us soil the flight attendants made an announcement that a lufthansa flight had also just touched down and that their plane was much larger than ours and that we should head the  out asap if we have connections to get .  we all made a run for it to customs but were too late . stupid lufthansa people . as we stood sulking in line we realized how quickly the line was moving . customs agents throughout the room made sure that travelers were in the correct customs lines us and canadian passengers only on the lefteveryone else on the right . they came through the line to make sure everyone in line had their documents and kept them out instead of tucking them in some side pocket of some suitcase somewhere only to waste  fumbling for it later . finally they segregated people into minilines for customs agents to be screened . all  we stood in  behind lufthansa even for just 15 minutes . take that jfk . nni might even add that unlike most airport staff the folks here even seemed to be a bit friendlier . customs agents smiled and played with babies . volunteers standing in corridors handed us free luggage tags . airports of the world could take a lesson from charlottedouglas i think ...
__label__pos  selection and  pricing can be found at the brooks brothers store . once youre done shopping and still have some  to kill before catching your  you can rest your  on one of the dozens of  rocking chairs that line the atrium . the rocking chairs are a nice perk and you should definitely try to take advantage of them if you can.nnthe only complaint i have are with the transport  . they are  beeping no matter what direction theyre going . i can understand the beeping while in reverse but its really annoying when its constant . especially when you have 40 minutes to kill at the gate.nnthank goodness for the free wifi ...
__label__pos great little airport . now   to europe .  piano music in terminal . us airways  . rental  shuttles run  few minutes . lots of charging stations for  devices . airport is also small enough to  transfers easy .
__label__neg having grown up in north carolina ive had  of barbecue and i also smoke my own . i feel i can adequately judge the quality of bbq . this particular establishment was unique in that its right off the side of a highway and has drivein microphones and ordering stations straight out of the 50s . i did feel a little uneasy in the parking lot as it was in a shady part of town but not a big deal . i ordered the 14 barbecue chicken meal and substituted  salad for the slaw and onion rings for the fries . in addition i ordered a minced barbecue sandwich which is the classic barbecue that people would think of when talking about north carolina style bbq . nnfirst let me say that foodnetwork came to this establishment for the unique nature of the 50s style drivein and for the unique way that the pieces of barbecue  are prepared . they are deep fried and then dunked in barbecue sauce . i will say that it is unique however as the above would suggest it is quite greasy . it was okay but i wouldnt say it is anything to specifically come here for . nnas for the barbecue it is  okay i can safely say that the meat is not smoked there is no smoke rising from the kitchen so i dont see how that could happen . in addition the meat itself lacked the distinctive smoky flavor  of good slow cooked north  barbecue . the sandwich overall was ever so slightly more typical of nc bbq than what i received from macs which was very overcooked and completely lacked  but unfortunately i would never recommend the restaurant for nc barbecue or  .
__label__pos after  such rave  about this place i  i had to check it out the  here is fantastic i was quickly greeted and seated . my  was also very knowledgeable about the menu . i  the vegetarian  and the  and cheese quesadilla both were delicious the prices are very reasonable i recommend this place if your looking for good inexpensive comfort food .
__label__pos an associate of  brought me  . togo and it was delicious . we tried the spicy chicken that was very flavorful and not burning your lips off . i tried their  mein which was delicious with  of meats . finally i had the beef and broccoli with had a ginger   . very tasty the beef was well  and  not tough . just all around delicious .
__label__neg my wife and i didnt have the best of labor day week ends . first her car over heats  night and we have drop it off at a garage for repair . she borrows my car which decides to shred its   sunday night during a raging thunderstorm and no one open to fix it because its a holiday week endso we are now without a vehicle.nmy wife reserves a car on line and no where on the website does it say you have to have a major credit card to rent car . our  picks us up and we drive 45 minutes to the airport and wait in line only to be told when we  our debit card that we need a major credit card to rent a car . wtf a debit card is the same as cash and we are being turned down for a car rentalnmy wife  the clerk that she had used this same debit card in other cities to rent car while she was on business trips and at this point he takes a condescending attitude and told us we were not renting a car with a debit card.ni kept my cool until the clerk starting waving my wifes debit card in our face and treating us like we were white trash because we did not have a credit card.nat this point both my wife and i lost it and i profanely told him what i thought of him and enterprise care rental . my wife snatched her debit card out of his hand and we stormed out mad as hell.nmy wife and i do not have nor care to have a major credit card . if we can not  cash for something we do not buy it.ni can not believe in todays world a company will not take a debit card for a purchase.nif enterprise was the last car rental place on the face of the earth and we dont have a car we will walk rather than rent from them
__label__neg so i had to play hotel switcheroo because hyatts  seemingly tripled for one night in the middle of my stay . i wound up here and i think im officially done with   forever . ive never had a positive experience aside from this one econo lodge in walterboro sc.nnthis hotel is  in the  of a vast array of garbage food  . if you want to go to a grocery store theyre all 15 minutes away . while the hotel might be convenient to some attractions it isnt convenient to things an everyday hotel guest would need or want unless you like mcdonalds and waffle house . gross.nnthe beds are not comfortable at all and this hotel has resorted to using these god awful square 15 pillows . who the hell can sleep on a square like that besides a child its beyond ridiculous and not to  annoying to try and sleep on . pair the lack of comfort with the 1100 check out and you have one unhappy guest i requested a late checkout time upon checkin as i advised id be working overnight . 1230 was the best she could do as she  some kind of apparently phantom note . the next morning at exactly 1058 the phone rang and reminded me that i was scheduled to check out that day and that check out was 1100. blah so much for sleeping inn at sleep inn.nnthe hotel is quite noisy as it borders i77 and the immediate area isnt all that great . noise from other guests was relatively nil though.nnthe mini freezer and mini fridge were nice but it didnt make up for the overall room quality . the hotel wifi averages 10 mbps down5 mbps up and is complimentary.nnnot recommended and officially denied going forward .
__label__pos the location is right on ... across the street from uncc and next store to brueggers i have spent many of  cramming for a test or getting my caffeine fix before work .  this starbucks is very  and always busy you have to  you eye on a  and pounce when one comes available . the baristas are my favorite in  they have pretty much memorized my order . theyre speedy and  friendly . good thing starbucks is  a larger location in the same shopping center .
__label__neg i will not return terrible customer service . i ordered a pizza from here because i had received a welcome packet with some coupons including one for demarcos giving a free large 1  pizza dine in or take out . i called and ordered then went to pick it up upon doing so the hostess  me the owner wasnt accepting these coupons and its only good with a 40 or something purchase the coupon was newly received so this wasnt news to the owner he just didnt pull them per the hostess which seems like a scam to me . i politely argued with the girl telling her it doesnt give stipulations anywhere and thats  advertising not even sure if thats legal and very poor customer service for which they would lose customers like myself . she  but it was the owners call . i ended up purchasing the pizza  to eat and the pizza wasnt  . it had too much cheese and hardly any sauce and it was burnt . because im pregnant i opted not to get too stressed so after stating my views i left  that i wont return . which is unfortunate because its very close to my home but there are too many other places close enough with better food and certainly better service
__label__neg do not go here had my oil changed on 12214. as i left the lot i pulled out onto  ave and my car immediately  . i turned around and headed back to jiffy lube to see what the problem could be as my car was fine prior to the oil change . they took my car and said they ran a complete diagnostic test and said that my spark plugs needed to be changed and that my battery was bad . they immediately said we have a guy would you like us to call him i felt like i was being scammed how can my car be completely fine prior to the oil change and then after the oil change i now need new spark  and possibly a new battery i declined their offer to call their guy and decided to take the chance and drive home . nnonce home i  my car to my local  which i should have done in the first place and they informed me that jiffy lube failed to put the air filter on correctly after they changed my oil . considering all jiffy lube does is change oil i feel placing the air filter on correctly is something they do in their sleep . so the so called diagnostic test that they ran was probably a load of bs and all they wanted to do was scam me into having their  fix my unbroken car which probably would have cost me an arm and leg . shame on you jiffy  just remember someone is more likely to share a bad customer service experience than a good one you can bet i will be sharing this bad one
__label__pos when i was younger my aunt and uncle and cousins lived in  wi . we would drive up a few times a year to visit them and after 2 hours of peering out the car windows along 94 my brother and cousins and i would be dying to get out of the car at any of the attractions along the waysix flags the outlet malls or any of the many cheese  that announced your arrival to wisconsin . nnwhen i  skiing with friends at cascade mountain last winter years of unfulfilled longing swept over me and i demanded that we stop at one . the one we selected was the mousehouse cheesehaus chosen mostly for its cute sign and awesome name . being a lover of all things dairy walking in i beelined for the cheese counter demanding samples of anything and everything . oh my anything from a basic kid friendly american to a  year aged cheddar to their own special haus cheese . i probably walked out with a good 2 lbs of various cheeses and am still wondering how those seemed to add 10 lbs to my figure but thats  story . in addition there were the usual wisconsin knick  including many  of beers wines and other kitschy  like ashtrays and bottle openers . the woman working at the counter didnt seem too charmed by my friends and i but im sure i would tire of travelers demanding cheese nibbles after a while myself .
__label__neg although the staff was friendly and the language was not a barrier for me as it was for others the food i got was not very good . after i ordered the general tsos chicken the  turned on the fryer and without waiting for the oil to heat up she put in the chicken and my  rangoon . therefore when i ate the food it wasnt crispy as a good general tsoscrab rangoon should be . another thing that i noticed was that the chicken that she put in the fryer was sitting on the counter in the heat . note she hadnt  any in quite some  which is why she had to  the fryer on . the person that said the food was too sweet was right . even though the menu said spicy for my meal there was no zip at all . take it for what its worth but i know i will be  for  restaurant to get my take out from now on .
__label__neg terrible selection of  and jeans and the changing rooms   a  line el stop . if you  must  a  store drive a few miles and hit up macys  .
__label__neg    the    . the  and  seemed blah to both of us . the bbq shrimp and cornbread were both good .
__label__neg  will   this  .     salsa microwaved food . i ordered a chimi and the middle was still frozen . server was really slow and did not seem to know the menu . the dining area is extremely shabby ripped cushions and dingy tables . i do not know why i stayed after the first five minutes .
__label__pos this place is huge and that is good because it can get packed pretty quickly on the weekends . this is especially  when the weather outside forces us to look for indoor activities . nnunlike the  poster i initially had a hard time figuring out the computer seated at the table . i kept  my fat little fingers onto the screen expecting a touch screen  . fortunately the other bowlers in my party realized that my genius was showing and  me figure it out . durrrrrr . nnthe bowling was fun even though i probably should have had the bumpers on like the minors in our group did . at least then i would have not looked liked the biggest dork in three counties just a weeny . nnwe ordered deep fried cheese curds and deep fried macaroni for snacking . no healthy eating here they were yummy and just as good as culvers . but  ive said that now ill have to hide from rabid culvers fans . yikes nnwell go here again and i can once again provide comic relief with my  bowling skillz . nnwerd .
__label__neg the food can be good here not great but good but the  problem for me is the  service . somebody  these people some  service . i swear that the guy who waited on me the last time i was there was  . the interminable  for refills on drinks and the check drove my blood pressure through the roof.nnive determined that the secret to getting good service from anyone here is to be a hot looking college  ... that seemed to keep the waiters attention  on the table next to mine ... maybe she was one of the more positive posters here .
__label__neg very busy and the for the floor show i  a small child dash back and  from the dining area into the kitchen area and back again .   . i didnt like the   so that was the   i went there .
__label__pos everyone already knows how awesome montys blue plate diner is so i dont have to tell you that . your carnivore and herbivore  will love the menu . they  local ingredients cook real food and even bring in local products such as yumbutter and create extra superduper healthy menu items by partnering with jon hinds at monkey bar gym.nnhowever i write this  because i recently ate the most amazing curry dish there . ive been craving it ever since and can not wait to return . im  it was a hot steaming bowl of freshly steamed vegetables with rice and a fantastic curry sauce . i want to eat this every day our server even told me that she actually does eat this every day and has  they put it on their  . it was a huge bowl so i took half of it home with me so i could enjoy a second meal of leftovers . nnnow drop everything and order this currynnand order a  of pie or enjoy an iced sugar cookie too .
__label__pos  of fun  bit of  . nnthese  are great for getting a  of fresh air hanging with a few friends drinking afew brews and munching on some ballpark goodies . very family friendly but still  for those of us who dont know who the hell the jonas brothers are . nni personally have never been in the duck blind but i hear its overrated.nnbring sunscreen if youre on the thirdbase line
__label__pos we recently bought a midcentury house and had no furniture for a couple of the rooms . we went to the rubins clearance center and happened to catch their moving sale which meant that  was marked down below their normal clearance price .  you wont pay ikea prices but this is for the most part highquality stuff . real  real wood for most items etc . there are a few with scratches and dents and many items are floor models but for the most part that doesnt bother me . we got a really good deal on a chair that apparently someone had  but came with the wrong fabric . we also left with a shelfstorage unitdrawer thing a desk and a rolling chair . the manager threw in a few gifty items i had picked out too . nnthe downside is the salesperson not the manager kept reminding us that it was 20 minutes until closing time . this started a half hour before believe me i used to work in retail and i know the oh you have a half hour before we close trick . we were out of there ten minutes before they closed so its not like we were making them  late . if youre making commission on a sale which could be several thousand dollars it ended up under 2k but still you shouldnt be pushing people out the door . i might have picked up a couple of other  if i hadnt felt rushed out .
__label__pos i went here today because my car needed an oil change.. badly . id been putting it off because i just moved here in  am i allowed to say just still and wasnt sure how to go about finding a reliable place . i chose meineke from the five or so car places i had coupons for by looking at the reviews on yelp . for 19.95 or a little over 22  tax with my coupon basic oil change is usually 24.95 i had my oilfilter changed and the oil disposed of properly fluids topped off and a basic beltstires overall inspection . the men there were so friendly and speedy they didnt  me the runaround.. just my oil changed with a smile . i would recommend them to anybody and will be back nalso from drive up to  away it took maybe.. 30 minutes even though there were several other cars in the  i  at 2pm on a  afternoon .
__label__pos for my 500th review i thought about writing about beaches in san  art centers in los angeles cafes in new mexico or bookstores in boston . but it seemed right to focus on the mass transit  of champaignurbana the bus system that keeps my life in order . nni moved a month ago to chambana and it has quickly become apparent that i do not live in southern california any more . the land is flat the wind comes sweeping through the place is smaller in scope and im rapidly realizing that im not going to want to rely on my car when the snow falls from the sky.nnenter champaignurbana mass transit district.nntheres no need for a parking permit when there are countless continuously running lines covering the entire area . my weekday mornings find me checking my house looking through my  making sure all my stuff is in order before frantically hustling down the street in order to catch the 13 silver south line to campus which runs twice an hour . nnif im worried about catching the bus the mtd has a text messaging service where you can text the bus line with a number and get real time information for when the bus is arriving . let me tell you a text message has saved me more than once from missing the last bus before class starts . nnthe website is unfortunately abbreviated httpwww.cumtd.com but wonderfully comprehensive . ive had generally great luck with the drivers on the 5 10 13 and 7 and im really glad to have made it to a place with really accessible  reliable mass transit . im slightly less worried about gas prices as its free for university students to ride the everpresent cumtd system . nnin short thank you so much chambana mtd for getting me where i need to  all the time every time .
__label__pos  i  to school here and loved it and i feel like i  a great education . it may be huge but once you find your niche you will do just fine you just have to make sure you go to class and take good  because most classes are so huge they wont harass you to come  just expect you to i  the big ten  and the energy of the campus . i would never have picked a different place to spend  years
__label__neg when i went in it smelled overpoweringly like barf . remembrance of the stomach  stink still haunts me whenever i think of or pass by this eyesore . it was so strong i couldnt talk listen or even think . i could hardly  down the swill and nod to whatever  music was playing or in rough acknowledgment of what i thought  else was  . what did she say this play  bucks its pretty loud . nnneedless to say it was also too crowded dark and dirty . i realize that i am not exactly in their target market being over 21 and all but this place is just  bad . those that characterize this bar as anything but an unmitigated crapdungeon are either lying to themselves or have  been to a decent bar .
__label__pos where do you go when your washer and dryer break downnnhow about starcrest which can boast its own little study  with two desks four chairs and free wifi thats right . i like to surf the net while separating my whites from the colors . and no thats not racist.nnthe washers are expensiveat least by my standards1.50 a wash but they fit in more than your  washer . dryers are about 25 centers per 7 minutes but are humongonormous so all told washing two loads of laundry came to 3 in washing and 1.75 in drying all of it fit in that one dryer and i let it run for 49 mins.nnthe laundromat is clean and big so thats a plus . also the wifi network ... .is named chuck likes guys um   . thanks for letting us all know  internet . were very happy for you . seriously perhaps a greeting card wouldve better . i imagine hallmark  the card where the front  be a peaceful lake with the words life has some surprises . then the inside like my newfound attraction to men.nnbut since hallmark isnt yet that edgy we have starcrests  to make the announcements for us .
__label__pos this is a small shabbychic french restaurant serving simple french food . the style of  is from the brittany region of france in the north and hardier less complex and less  than the stereotypical french cuisine . the  is small is its a little more expensive than the average  in cu but the  we ate was  filling and a nice change . i recommend the  starter and specials . service was relaxed and friendly but not slow . my  both enjoyed the coffee .
__label__neg i guess there is no way to really make amtrak improve by making a onestar review but i think its awful how expensive it now is to go to chicago given the quality of the service . i live in stockholm now and was entertaining  of going back to champaign to do another degree but really ... its an  place if you dont have a car . it shouldnt be a big deal to go to chicago . it shouldnt use up all my money or my patience . ive had 11 hour delays on amtrak chicago is a major travel hub and the closest major city . the fact that it is so difficult to get to hurts the university . nnsweden benefits enormously from having fast relatively cheap and hasslefree railway . i dont have to sit on a cramped  next to a mcdonalds  elementary school kid or endure six hour delays on a crappy  to get to places like oslo and copenhagen . im bragging now but uiuc needs amtrak to shape up .
__label__neg this place is the worst . nof course its beautiful and has a great selection of books ... so  as you dont  living under the most tyrannical librarian regime ever to live . nevery time i walk into this library i feel like im walking on eggshells wondering what rule i might break next . and god forbid they catch your  with a goldfish cracker in the kids section ... off with their heads nadditionally once it was off limits to savoymahomet  i felt unwelcome there and totally  . ni do have a grad student friend who had her feet slightly outside her  and got yelled at for it . who the hell are these librarians to tell people how they need to sit or wear their shoes nand the childrens librarians are not  or nice with the kids but generally seem  that anyone is even there . i thought that was the point of a library to excite people about reading and give free access to all . nchampaign public library which it really isnt anymore is truly the most unfriendly library i have ever been to and i will never go back there again .
__label__neg   on  . . . 10 people     6 empty tables 2 servers 0 eye contact 0 acknowledgement to  waiting to sit . horrible maybe burgers are good but i do not like being ignored .
__label__neg two   and understaffed.nnim not  if palazzo is always open sometimes or just recently reopened but theyve brought back the goth night one friday a month . just to clarifynot reviewing that particular dance night just the establishment itself . nnevery time i have been the bar has been  .  for an entire nightclub that is packed how does that work it takes forever to get a drink and then its just generally expensive no matter what you get . theres also a back bar that seems to never be in use . with the amount of people that hang out back there for the majority of the night youd think theyd hire a few extra people . nnalso maybe invest in some misters for your back barit gets ridiculously hot back there when its packed full of people . its almost as if this is a bare bones establishment . its sad because this event is attempting to revive the goth scene yet the venue that its at which used to be tranzylvania back in the day just plain sucks .
__label__pos   and    .   can  into a loong wait but its always worth it . green curry mmmmmmmmmmm
__label__neg this place was highly recommended by our friends and we were hoping to  like it . first off i  and asked if i could bring a small birthday cake for my husbands birthday . the lady on the phone said it was not an issue . we got there and it was packed on a friday night . the hostess said it would be 20 minutes for a table . literally two seconds later there was a four person table cleared . i asked for the table and she got someone to clean it for us . the  was busy and noisy . the menu was limited and  priced for most items . i craved noodles so ordered the padseiw . the noodles were alright . somehow seems like there should be basil in the  and not a bunch of cauliflower . the hubby had the bbq chicken with coconut rice . later our  later came back to tell us that they were going to charge us 5 dollars for bringing our own cake . nice how that was not mentioned on the phone or when she first took the cake to the fridge for us . so sadly we will not be  .  rama has much better food and service .
__label__pos  me  ... . nni  corn fritters . nnnot that this one little review makes any difference but if you go get the corn fritters . nnthis was my second time at wild thaiger and how that delicious app eluded me the first time i will never know . nnnot the biggest fan of their pad thai but thats okay . there are many other very delicious options ... and   .
__label__pos a   .  of a    .   ive had in years . thanks omar
__label__pos i stumbled across this museum while on the way to  . with a few hours to kill before our flights my friend and i decided to stop here instead.nnit was a great find and i learned so much . unfortunately i hadnt learned very much about native american culture or art in school but i felt  my visit to the heard made up for that a  . we had an excellent tour  who was part navajo and part hopi . in addition to giving us a broad overview of native american history he also gave us many insights into growing up on a reservation and cultural traditions . as we toured through the galleries filled with basketry ceramics and navajo blankets he explained that a lot of the names given to the tribes by white settlers were simply the result of the two groups not understanding one another . for instance the pima tribe is so called because in response to the question what are you  the people answered pima which  i dont knowas in i dont know what you crazy people are asking mennmy friend and i had a wonderful time and i would definitely recommend visiting if youre ever in phoenix .
__label__pos an arizona  institution .   and artistic  .   for students . teachers are unusually   .
__label__neg i really want to love this place but i cant . the fries are great the servers attractive and the food gets there fast but the entrees arent that great bottle  is 4 that  for a miller lite at a sports bar really and the servers for whatever stupid  reason refuse to split checks.nnthis does nothing but piss me off . ive never understood this practice . first of all youre a sports bar . people genuinely come into sports bars in groups . we all ordered food we all ordered drinks and it took nearly 25 minutes to figure out our goddamn  at the end.nnattention restaurant  most of us dont carry cash anymore . get with it and  splitting checks or train your servers to do that with large groups . there is no reason to make things more difficult for customers and servers will get better  .
__label__neg first time at majerles with three  . we went before the rattlers playoff game but after a dbacks  so it was really hopping in there . got seated right away  . nnwe were seated in the back room and  our server was pleasant it lengthened our service time considerably . nour daughter ordered the salad special . it had bountiful toppings and the right amount of dressing . her husband got the rojo diablo sandwich . he said it was stringy and didnt finish it . my wife ordered a burger and asked that it be wrapped in romaine for a lettuce bun . she got a burger sitting on top if green leaf  . i got the allstar burger . it was good but overcooked by  levels . nnthe fries and sweet potato fries were good as was the selection of drinks . all told for three sandwiches a salad and six beers it totaled 85. too expensive for the quality but they charge a lot due to location . nnthunder dan better  back to his restaurant and read the reviews . i may not be back .
__label__neg another dismal  for this company . i called for a  am pickup to the airport like i had several   . dispatch informed someone would arrive . i waited until 610 am and called againdispatch then told me another 15 minutes until pickup i stated that was not  as i had a flight to catch . i ended up driving myself to the airport .  yeah the driver  as boarding for my plane started .
__label__pos i went to  in the wake of bounty part of fringe fest 2011 and besides the show being exquisite the venue was perfect . phoenix little theatre is basically attached to the phoenix art museum which means you can  about in the little  area before the show . take goofy pictures with the  children statues and throw wishing pennies into the fountain overlooked by the uber masculine yet pensive sculpture . nnnfree and plentiful parking the theatre is really intimate with a small stage and limited seating . with that being  ... any  would give a  view of the happenings on stage . only downside is that the theatre chairs and my rear end did not get along  . lots of fidgeting on my part and constant readjusting .
__label__neg this review is not a review of the store but of att wireless service in general . att is the  wireless service ive ever had . i have more  calls and less bars in more  than any other carrier ive had and ive had verizon tmobile the best and now att.nni would have  switched service if i didnt have to in order to  my iphone . and for the record ... the iphone is the best object ive ever owned . i recommend you avoid att wireless at all   you want the best phone in the world only then is it worth it .
__label__neg heading to catch a  at the arizona center . decided to checked out mi amigos . to start with it took about 5 minutes before anyone bother to talk to us . once we did get to order we opted to share the tortilla soup and the chicken fajitas . the tortilla soup was really bad . it tasted  a mix of chili powder and salt . we ended up sending it back . the chicken fajitas were actually ok but not great . nnthe real downer was the service .  appeared to be fairly  about the place . limited interested in actually taking our order bringing out food etc..nnoverall there are much better choices . you should look  if you are  for  food .
__label__neg this place is way overrated they let ur car sit for 510 minutes before they even  to dry it . by this time the water spots are already dry and they  spots in the front or  all the  . their armor all has gone down as well . they used to have the best  gloss that would last for 10 days now they use a cheaper  thats dull . this place has really gone down over the years . again way overrated . 30 second vacuum 
__label__neg hard rock cafe is a cool place to go if youre in the area and want to kill  before a  or a  but destination bar its not . the food is average and the drinks arent anything out of the ordinary . infact theres nothing  unique about the hard rock  from the fact that they jacked up the prices because youre dining andor drinking at the hard rock cafe . nnim disappointed that it doesnt compare to others around the world and  out of place in phoenix . a hard rock scottsdale would be way cooler .
__label__neg   beforeafter   .    .  food . i wasnt impressed . i cant tell you how many times i thought it would be a good idea to stop in for a drink or snack while in the area only to find out that a baseball or basketball game was scheduled down the street and the wait would be an hour or longer . not worth the wait .
__label__pos  it through and through . had the   hot dog . it was  delicious . will  back   in arizona . oh and the  was very nice .
__label__pos i live across the street and visit often . could not  for a better atmosphere with a view of the inside of chase field the customer service has  been great .   it get dinner to go and the  are friendly and  it up while i wait . just the traditional   but the location makes it worth going . definite place to check out when you are downtown . doesnt have to be a game day .
__label__pos  didnt realize bar bianco had their own review page.nnhttpwww.yelp.combizpizzeriabiancophoenixhridpvdncjr2v1mdclipigj73qnnin short  rustic  repurposed house smoking hot bartender woman  and comfy country style patio and delicious  peaks on tap .
__label__pos summer time is supposed to be healthy time so i am trying to watch what i eat . now i will always be a big guy not two fat twins on their matching motorcycles big but you  not little but i definitely am eating more appropriately . however i work in an office and around 1130 people start to doublethink their lunch choices . yes the night before a breakfast bowl from jimmy dean sounds like an excellent lunch selection but all that pushing of buttons and watching your meal spin in the microwave forget it one what are you doing for lunch from a buddy and i was out of there.nnathenian was a  lunch spot for me for awhile and just fell out of favor . no  like the present to return plus sb had never been there before today . we took the 2 minute  to central and rolled in to a 13 filled athenian express . happy to have missed the rush i immediately ordered my favorite dish the gyro feta no tomatoesonions add  with fries and sb got a chicken sub and potato salad.nnfirst issue no fountain soda if i cant destroy myself with aspartame in my free refills its not a great lunch . plus i dont like drinking out of cans unless its a more adult beverage . fix yo machine atheniannnoutside of the 1.50 soda the meal was as good as always . it was a bit lighter on the feta than usual and love me some  goodness but still had quite a pile . the meat was thick and cooked through definitely filled up the pita to an overflowing greek party . the french fries werent overcooked which is good because burned fries suck fully . add in a side of tzatziki  to poor over everything and times were well spent . its a ton of food for what you pay and one of the best deals downtown.nnmy coworker didnt  quite as well but it was more his preferences than issues with the meal . his chicken sub came with a huge breast which i would think is a good thing but for him caused the sandwich to be overstuffed like i said weird preferences . he demolished the entire thing so it must have not been too bad along with the potato salad which he was a fan of as well.nnall in all very good lunch experience . i usually get takeout but the greek team had their world cup game so it seemed appropriate to hang out and watch the exciting 00 matchup . if we can get some fountain sodas up in there athenian will likely jump back on my radar and i may even get a salad ... ..maybe .
__label__pos        .  meat is moist and full of flavor veggies are always fresh . feta is the best go to in the roosevelt row neighborhood .
__label__pos youll notice a huge  discrepency really young kids and then there are the adults of all  . so i give credz to any  that tries to keep kids engaged in using their minds vs getting their game on in the mall.nni love science museums making a point to attend in any big  i travel to . the exhibits seem lacking even in simple  of the magic behind the science ...  probably why the  this place is so kids orientated .
__label__pos we love the az science center so  that we recently became members and plan to  often . we love the exhibits and the  that they change out the  exhibits often . i do recommend packing a  as the cafe is a   but the food is  .
__label__neg i walk on a sat morning at 11am for a  on my ombre hair . i had it  already and the lady first told me to wait i did . she then came back got me  put foils on which i think she wasnt going to do bec my hair was already light . i show her a picture and ask her if thats how it was going to look a few times and she keep telling me yes . long story short after3hrs or so she remove the foils and wash my hair put some treatment on it and left me therefor  3045mins . i got tired of waiting for her and wash my hair and i also blow dry my own hair bec she was busy with 2 other ladies . my hair was horrible yellow and fry so burn uneven  of yelloworangeblack and red when all i wanted was a caramel ombre . i was so mad but i still just pay her after 6hrs all i wanted was to go home so i had no energy for arguing . i did told her i didnt like it and that it was too yellow she just said it looks pretty and continue on checking me out . i do not recomment rachel or the location on 16th st at all . i when the next day with the intention of looking for the owner so i when to the other location on 15th ave and camelback lorraine was awesome she immediatley address me and apologize did a color correction . she fix my hair it look exactly how i wanted . she was really nicecaring and ask what i wanted and not wanted . she was also super fast and did my hair in about 2hrs or less . i  recomment  at the camelback location . she also didnt charge me for the correction she just apologize for the incovenience and gave me a treatment to fix my brittle dry hair .
__label__pos if you are at all bashful or have issues around nudity you might  to stop reading now . this place will not be for you ... . but for the free spirited the alwun house is the place to be this  for their erotic art festival.nnthe  kicks off with their outrageous sneak preview party tonight feb. 8th at 7pm . dont expect to see stuffy art aficionados milling about with glasses of champagne . do expect to see transvestites on 8 inch platform  dancing and laughing with the glitter dusted the body painted the latex  and the goths . they  a club atmosphere in their  yard with a floor show of comics cross dressers  acrobats and contortionists . you cant immerse yourself in the circus atmosphere and not walk away smiling .
__label__pos so i was visiting arizona for spring training baseball and pining for a decent meal when we stumbled  welcome  . this place friggin rules . all of the food that our party triedduck burger breakfast biscuit creole breakfastwas off the  . and they service beer which is perfect for a  brunch . nnthe staff was friendly and the  excellent . they take pride in their  and you can  why when you taste the food . if youre looking for a place to  some soulnourishing food with a soulful flare this is the place for you .
__label__pos heres a sample experience at macalpinesnnwow a  old fashioned soda  whoa look at all this vintage stuff hey check out the menu oh hell yeah i  this kind of candy i havent seen this in forever oh maaan 99 flavors of soda what the  nnmmm.. pina colada soda wait the butter pecan is even better no taste the margarita wait theyre refillable ahhh vanilla coke bubblegum more butter pecan hey theres chocolate give me an irish cream  put caramel in it another  this time with chocolate we havent even tried the ice cream we need this one with ice cream in it . more ice cream yum thrifty ice creamnnholy shiznit that  ... . twas nothing but awesome ... i dont feel so good.nnpasses out in the carnnarrives home.nnpasses out for fifteen hoursnnawakens with a hangover more vicious than the thursday following wine wednesdays at asu . remembers macalpines fondly while taking  ibuprofen . goes back to sleep .
__label__pos magnifico great little place tucked away in a semiresidential area of town . felt like i was part of the family after being  . bright cheerful atmosphere  a fiesta food was very flavoful even the white rice . crab enchiladas full of white  meat and smothered in your  of red or green sauce . salsa you get red spicy and  mild with chips and i  a complimentary cerviche . the red salsa had a  smoky flavor and just the right kick of heat . cant wait to try other dishes when i return to phoenix in a  of weeks
__label__pos the desert botanical gardens in phoenix az is a great way to get a sample of arizonas diverse and spectacular flora . check out the  in the spring when all of the plant and  are blooming in beautiful vibrant colors . this is a great place to take visiting relatives who love to garden or are just nature buffs . its an easy walking adventure with many cozy benches to sit and  or nature watch . midway through the journey is a   to enjoy a little refreshment and sample some yummy treats . at the end of your journey is a great gift  with books jewelry and even plants found on the garden grounds for sale . visit when the day time temperatures are moderate and youre guaranteed to have an enjoyable time . be sure to wear  and bring a camera . dont forget to have fun
__label__neg  of my worst experience  my eating pupusas .  that said the owner took our order and she was rude not friendly at all ... ..n1 . she get the order wrongn2 . she food was kind of coldn3 . seen like she didnt want to be there she is the owner found out she was the when i was paying the billn4 . she was trying to over charge the bill postings images of bill .  . she never told us about the drinks werent free refills  .  mad when i pointed out that the bill was added wrong n7 . slam the bill on the table when she corrected it . even my girlfriend who is calm was shockedn8 . when the bill the guy owner said sorry for the bad servicenwhen noticed i not happy
__label__neg i have ordered red devils pizza and wings for takeout for years now but today was the first time i dined in the restaurant . we started with the potato skins which were served slightly  and without any sour cream which red devil does not carry . really who  potato skins without  cream . for our entrees i ordered the baked lasagna and my boyfriend ordered the double  cheeseburger . i only took about two bites of my lasagna which was so overloaded with flavorless marinara that i could not bare another and my boyfriend only ate about half of his double cheeseburger that looked comparable to a mcdonalds burger and  like a slightly better  school lunch burger . these  items and one pepsi cost us 32 dollars before  . all in all we left hungry and forty dollars poorer . we will not be back for anything but the occasional pizza and wings .
__label__neg phoenix has a large but scattered population . im not sure why developers picked this location for a chinese  center . it doesnt make sense to me as the area around dobson might  more appropriate.nnthe center seems like itd have potential if it  incentive for   to set up  and stay . ive heard the lunar festival held here charged admission and was dismal . its now not much more than a nearlyempty  mall with asian architecture . i live up the street and would rather drive to mesachandler for anything asian . sad because i hoped phoenix could do better .
__label__pos terrie really  our experience . i love applebees anyway but she  treated us like we were the only table she had . nnwe walked in at 1111pm on a sunday the place closes at midnight . we were just  to get a quick bite so they could close . terrie was very friendly and  about what i should order to get a good deal . i tried the wonton tacos and they were delicious . we  had spinach and artichoke dip they  us lots of chips and terrie helped  box them up with some extra salsa . nnnext time i am in phoenix and want  i will go to this location simply because of the service we received .
__label__neg this placement doesnt even deserve a star so i guess one will do . the only good thing about this restaurant was the hostess after that everything else  downhill . my  was very untidy and she took forever to get my food . she looked like she had just finished her day shift at a pizza shop and forgot to change her dirty apron which was caked with white dust . brought me a meal different from what i ordered and didnt have the guts to apologize for it . the food came on a skillet which was supposed to be sizzling but it was cold . very unappetizing with overlooked onions and a very tiny piece of meat . place wasnt that busy so i fail to understand why it took over 30 min to get my food . and it looked like a  had passed on the food then it was brought to me . when she asked me how the food was i told her that it wasnt what i ordered and she just rolled her  . i was tired and didnt want to start fussing with her so i just paid and left . but  thing i can  about the restaurant is the fact that when i requested for my check it came in less than 30 seconds . this is the worst applebees experience ive ever had in my life and i dont think i  want to go to an applebees if this is the kind of  i get . over to you mr. applebees ceo .
__label__pos happened upon this restaurant while staying at a nearby hotel . we drove by earlier in the day and were first  in the unique architecture of the building . the decor inside was fun and had an oldschool feel . lots of pink and green  lights mirrors and wall murals . i loved itnnwent in for dinner a little late still being on west coastvacation time but there were still quite a few people and we werent rushed at all . our server was very friendly and helpful when we asked about the menu even though she  to check with the kitchen on some of our particular needs . nnwe started with two margaritas and the espinaca con queso . unfortunately it was missing spinach . hmm ... there were some green chiles however that added to the cheese dip . i ordered a  chimichanga with their  baja sauce . oh how i love this white creamy spicy sauce  a spicy sour cream it was  hubby got steak fajitas which were good but believe it or not i was hooked on the grilled onions they were so flavorful im glad there were a lot on his platter so i could steal more than a few .
__label__neg  is  chuck e. cheese  the  .  of kids running around . young servers navigating first jobs with little supervision and varied results . often bland or lukewarm food that takes an eternity to order and arrive . nnat least at    the kids can run around and bang gophers on the head or whatever while youre waiting . here you just kind of bang your own head on the table .
__label__pos ive been popping into the george and dragon nearly every thursday  last april for trivia nights . i like the place . the trivia host is entertaining and the place feels worn in but not worn down . i feel comfortable and welcome every time i visit . most weeks i end up ordering a couple beers from the rather large selection . the  prices while high for some peoples tastes are comparable to what ive seen in other places . imports are going to cost more its the price you pay to have a selection of boddingtons murphys and guinness all in one place among other things.nnnormally on trivia nights i dont end up getting food as  i find their portions  to the prices i dont  i need to eat half my weight in fish and chips in one sitting . i have no qualms with the quality on the few occasions ive grabbed some eats for example the curry chicken is very flavorful and highly recommended . the dragon wings are another of my favorite spicy but not overwhelming . the fish and chips as previously mentioned are served on a giant platter and have generally been excellent.nni recommend at least one visit to this bar . dont be scared off by the divey look of the pubfront . the f.c . scarves adorning the ceiling   advertisements on the walls and the cozy but not  seating arrangements make it a unique place in the middle of the desert . if you do visit pop in on a trivia night so you can listen to the host demean the guests with some clever snide remarks and give yourself an entertaining diversion for a night . who knows you may become a regular before you know it .
__label__neg filthy i ordered the    via   . the delivery was very late not applebees fault and i wish we hadnt  from there even before i tasted my food . the serving portion was small considering the amount of money id paid . the mashed potatoes were filthy and the steak was like rubber if it even was steak . ive had better steak from swansons frozen dinners i asked for well done not rubberized ive never had such  food  delivery before . if i had been in the restaurant i wouldve sent it back no doubt add insult to injury they didnt even include my side of veggies . so i feel completely ripped off and the food was nasty to top it off . i wont be going back here again worst experience
__label__pos great tasting food . me and my wife were trying to  a great chinese restaurant that we could enjoy together  all the other ones we went to were not that great . we ordered lemon chicken with their  fried rice . really  portions to share so we only   order of each it was delicious the food got to  within 15minutes awesome atmosphere and nice service only problem is limited 
__label__neg the day radio shows have gotten  ever   ankarlo left due to his car  injuries.nbruce st. james is a  left leaning.nthe afternoon guys are both atheists.nnktar has   . i only listen to am 550 now .
__label__neg went here yesterday to see the drag show with my friend and fellow transperson fenyx.nncruisin had  i would ever want out of a bar seedy atmosphere cheap drinks a stage friendly bartenders and trannies crossdressers and drag queens as far as the eye could see . for a moment i felt how  smith must feel whenever he walks into a  topic or hulk hogan in a bandana wholesalers . nnbut alas like torrid and guitar center i inevitably showed up the same day as the token asshole employee whose brief interaction with me would ruin my view of this  for all time.nnwhile  for the show to commence fenyx and i went through the back door to take a smoke break as were a lot of other people . the back door couldnt be shut all the way or it would lock forcing you to either bang on it until someone heard you over the music or walk around to the other side . nnso he and i are just standing around smoking talking making sure nobody shuts the door and out comes the dj . he steps out and before even lighting his cigarette slams the door behind him.nnawwww man now youve locked us out we say playfully.nnthe dj stands over fenyx eyeballing him as he responds with yeah thats the point . to keep the undesirables out before walking off with his cigarette.nnwhat the hell just happened i ask.nhe thinks were a straight couple . ni laughed . i searched for a pen . id been mistaken for a lot of things in the past but this was the first time id been mistaken as straight . this had to be documented . fenyx who is also not straight was not as amused.nni tried to brush the comment aside and we went back  where the dj proceeded to stare down my amigo and i from across the bar . nni knew at any moment a confrontation would escalate and i was forced to choose between leaving early missing the drag show or watch the tension rise to eruption . one of these scenarios carried with it the slight risk of me breaking a newly manicured nail so naturally i opted we  back to the bunkhouse and play darts.nnim sure giving them 1 star for this one incident is petty but uh so is what they did so it works out i guess.nnoh well . torrid and guitar center seem to do just fine without my business . im sure cruisin 7th will do just fine .
__label__pos we loved this place its  a hidden gem .  was awesome  was  and prices were reasonable . the  was very pleasant and   suggestions . we will be 
__label__pos i find myself at  a lot nowadays and thats why i needed to update my review . ive discovered my new favorite menu items and they must be eaten so you should trynnspicy gyoza potnchashu ramenntantanmen ramennudon sukinnthe gyoza pot is my  menu item and its on happy hour . its simple and delicious . i am completely satisfied with a kirin and the gyoza pot for dinner . the chashu is a damn good bowl of ramen and the tantan is even  if youre up for something spicy . my newest discovery and the reason i needed to write this is the udon suki . it  of udon noodles tofu green onions sliced beef and a poached egg floating in a savory  . cherryblossoms udon suki is awesome filling and awesome.nni have come to the realization that the service is hit or miss at this place but in my  the food makes up for any shortcomings . go try some of the dishes i just mentioned and let me know what you think
__label__pos if its a great bowl of traditional japanese noodle soup youre in search of this is it . nnim sold  on their noodle soup bowls that i havent tried any of their other entrees . the bowls are big you get a good amount for your buck in my opinion . nnthe tantan men is good if youre looking for a spicy soup.nthe miso is great if youre feeling a seafood soup.nthe hakata soup you will not go wrong ordering this bowl . the noodles the broth . so good.nthe chashu is the hakata but with more delicious pork  you cant  wrong . and even if you dont  eat a lot youll have a hard time not wanting to eat the entire bowl . at  thats what ive experienced . nnbecause the place is popular and the space is small you may have to wait awhile for service and to put in your order but once you receive your delicious  of goodness you will quickly forget
__label__pos we had planned on going to the rhythm room which is directly across the street but they were still charging a full cover at midnight and just wanting to have a latenight cocktail we  our hardearned cash to friends . just as we walked in a  show was ending which was a treat . only wishing we had gotten there sooner we sat down and ordered drinks . i was amazed at the selection of flavored  and other booze they have . not feeling too adventurous in that area i ordered a ketel one citroen on the rocks . generously poured i dont  the price but i am sure it wasnt too steep . as the night went on the place thinned out and soon the wife and i were the only two people in the place . the bartender anthony was a joy to talk to . we ended up just hanging with him until it was time to go . i would go back just to have a bartender that good . hell the place is called friends and id be his friend any day . he was full of conversation and laughs . at the end of the night he  us a cab and made sure i didnt leave anything behind in my ketel one haze . he nearly had to come out to the parking lot to give me a record i left on the bar from a concert we attended earlier in the evening.nnthis place really is a comfortable and clean neighborhood bar that was welcoming to a random couple having a  night on the  . it was a great way to end a great  out.nnalso i would totally wear a friends tshirt if they have them . i love the logo .
__label__pos rented  here for a   .  and    location . great staff . would  recommend .
__label__neg this place use to be nice to eat at . now its a dive the restaurant is  i got a water glass with  on it and our coffee cups had dried cranberry juice on it.nnive been there multiple times thinking its just an off day the last  i went there was a week ago when a friend was visiting from palm springs and i have to  i was embarrassed after  him there they got his order wrong our  were dirty and the waitress seemed annoyed that we  mentioned it.nni will never go there again .
__label__pos went here for restaurant week and the service was amazing . they took a little  than  to serve our food so they     and appetizer . the food was good and this place looked like a   giving it a nice homey feel .
__label__pos the mexican pizza  beef and cream cheese is to  for their fried ice cream is the   . the  relleno is very flavorful and delicious . my favorite   
__label__neg  place .  a dive bar .  dive bar  and  . the  is tiny with about 50 of the real estate taken over by a pool table . nnwhy is it so bright if you are gon na be a dive  turn them things downnnwith the swizzle inn one of the best  bars ever across the street i wont be back .
__label__pos this place is known for their chicken fried steak . and they certainly do it right . they have a billboard that is a running tally of how many servings of chicken fried steak they have  ... .now thats confidence in your product but if you feel like something else they have an amazing prime rib you have to get there early though ... .they only  a certain amount of prime rib each  and when they run out they run out . if you want something a little smallerand thats not  much since their portions are huge get the brisket  ask for the bbq sauce on the side and ask for a  of au ju . you wont regret it . its amazing nndont expect some fancy  steakhousebut go  and you wont regret your decision to go there
__label__pos  bar  but  one of the best burgers ive had .  to order and   . the  are also good .
__label__pos happy hour is designed to make one happy . the fact they had one sat evening with things i like on it  me happy for a new hours.nnthere are a few 12 priced sushi rolls like a spicy tuna and phily roll . 12 some apps and beer 3 specials . nnthe rolls are regularly 7.50 ish so 3.50 on happy hour as for quality it was decent however with a spicy tuna or phily roll it is hard to really mess them up . the added avacado to them was nice.nnwe also had a  spring roll 3.50 then 12 off for  hour . a soft rice noodle skin around  veggies sushi rice and peanut sauce . it was great  vietnam meets thailand.nnthey were nice enough to turn down the  music for us make it a pleasant place to be the curtains are cool and the beer selection included some micro brews . not bad at all .
__label__neg i brought my mini schnauzer here for grooming and i was not at all  . i had been here once before and everything turned out really well but something  has changed . my appt was for 8am and i was there right on time only to find the doors still locked and no employee in sight . when the person finally arrived he  how i wanted her cut to look and i specifically explained that they can trim her beard but should for the most part leave it long ... shes a schnauzer he confirmed and told me she would be ready in 23 hours . not too bad i thought although last time it literally only took an hour but i decided i would go across the street to sbux and relax while i waited . fast forward 4 hours and i still had not received a  to let me know my dog was done . i decided at that point to go back and check to see what her status was . upon arriving the lady grooming her told me she would need an additional 2025 min so again i waited and we left about 30 min later . i noticed at that point gigis beard was a little too short for my liking but figured it would grow . it wasnt until i got home and really looked at her that i noticed her  was completely crooked ... wth and they left two huge knots of matted fur on the underneath part of her tail .  the rest of her cut looked great but what the heck were you doing for an additional 2 hours with my dog ... .with that amt of time she  looked perfect . i will not be back to poochies ever again .
__label__neg ate there for valentines dinner . too expensive . portions very tiny . no bread . salad was tasty enough but consisted of about two tablespoons of mixed greek salad.im not kidding.nn my dish was salmon . the fish was cold and the sauce was congealing . had to send it back for  . my valentines was sword fish which consisted of about 3 one inch square pieces . also cold . nno bread no pita bread . the sword fish was about 24 and the salmon about that much too . the wine list was all greek wine and the glasses the wine was served in were like  toy glasses not real wine glasses . our waiter was  of lackadaisical . nthere were food splatters on the white wall  to the table.nnwhen a short woman made  about the tables to ask how we liked our food we didnt trust ourselves to even get started and mumbled thank you . all the best of phoenix favorable reviews were at least 10 20 years old.nthe bathroom had toilet paper stuck to the wet floor of one stall and the toilet installed inches from the side wall in the other stall . weird . there was a table with chairs outside the bathroom like they seated overflow guests there . weird.nwe vowed never to go back and  maybe thats why we hadnt been there for years . better to eat at crazy jims or greek town . nsave your money .
__label__neg how this place  in business i have no  . food is gross the place is empty all the time small dishes over priced . service is totally crap . the parking lot looks  a place one  get raped in . if youre handicapped you are screwed one parking space for the whole building . pot holes everywhere i cant  they havent been  yet for the  of the parking lot .
__label__neg my wife and i used to love arribas til recently when we joined some friends at the end of their  for  . we arrived about an hour after they did and they were finished when we got there.n i ordered a stuffed poblano chili dish and it really was not good at all . bad enough that the food was bad but when we were ready to leave we asked the waitress for our check so she gives us a check for the whole table.n my wife said nowe want our check only and the waitress said that they do not do seperate checks which is b.s . because we always have gotten seperate checks at the arribas in arrowhead . this created a big hassle for us because we never carry cash so my wife had to pay back one of her friends for our  of the bill the following week.n this is no way to conduct a  and i also sent the main office an email telling them about what had happened but they never answered the email . i guess customer satisfaction means nothing to them so we will never go back nn anyplace can roast chilis so  nothing special for arribas.nn macayos is the place from now on and the  there is  to arribas .
__label__pos first things first ... nnnlocation nncamelback barber shop is not easy to find if you dont know where youre going . its located in the camelback  shopping center . more specifically its in the alley between the hallmark store and ulta which even more specifically are located next to michaels craft store . if you dont find it with those instructions ... i cant help you.nnthe rest of the storynnprior to today ive had one haircut in phoenix . it was in arcadia and the place was okay but i just wasnt feeling it . a  of the places i found in the arcadiabiltmore area were just too hoity toity based on the pics i saw . and pricey . then i noticed some of my yelp phx compadres had been to this camelback barber shop . all of them with good things to say . nni walked in and it definitely isnt pretentious by any definition of the word . if you want eye candy or upscale this is not the place for you . i think it was very comfortable . my barber alex was friendly . we made some small talk including comments about the episode of  stars that was  on tv . i cant stand that show ... nntelevision show preferences aside though i would like to say that i have found my new barber shop the cut i got here was better than the previous and it cost a little less . i actually think alex may have done the cleanest and most detailed straight razor work that ive ever had . i  dapper .
__label__pos i have been a regular here with my  for a long  and it never lets me down . the only down side is the price of food . honestly id be still willing to pay because i love this place so  . we always get the filet and some sort of fish . you  cant go wrong with the  corn and sweet potato baked in the beautifully presented  chili . love the  and  selection aswell .
__label__pos well i pretty much  nypd pizza . calzones are my favorite . ive been ordering the frank sinatra with various fillings for years . absolutely adore the ricotta and i was extremely happy when they introduced the small size ... which is still big enough for 2 meals . i do  the pizza but in my personal opinion its better as takeout and then being baked again in your oven ... i prefer it a  crispier   always get  and basil ...   in pineapple . also get ranch with everything ... im not huge on ranch but i would bathe in the ranch from nypd pizza . the cheesy garlic knots are also phenomonal
__label__neg i had a hard time  this restaurant to review it because at first i thought it was called as seen on food network ... .but i found it so on with the review . my wife first introduced me to this place by bringing it home one night for dinner . it was horrible but i  this up to what i ordered a dish that was a cross between mexican and italian food and the fact that it was cold from the drive home . so when we were in the area we decided to go in and sit down for a meal and enjoy the atmosphere . well enjoy i did ... nothing says a nice night out to dinner like tables covered with paper and plastic cups for you can drink dont adjust your screen this is not a  for peter piper pizza . but hey i am not a snob i love  that save on the little things so they can put it in the food . but sadly this was not the case it was not the worst italian i have  had i am old enough to remember wendys super bar with fettuccine alfredo and hamburger bun bottoms cut in half and slathered in garlic butter . but for the price and the hype it was strike two i had a caesar salad and a pasta in cream sauce both decent portions but nothing to write home about in the  . the service was poor we did not get the specials but luckily we heard it given to the table beside us just not lucky enough to have this happen before we ordered . we also  bread with our entrees but it never came out . i think my wife summed up our service experience best when she said that at the very least she expected the waiter to pour her can coke into her plastic cup for her . the bill came and i found myself paying  dollar for mediocre food and poor service strike three ball game .
__label__pos when i first moved to phoenix i was walking around the esplanade and saw this place . i had lived in nyc for years and had lived on mercer street where there was a merc bar so thought i would go in and see if there was any connection . sure enough this  is the 2nd location of the nyc  bar . since i live  the street i come here fairly regularly . im usually a wine or beer drinker and my only critique would be the  selection of draft beers and very small wine list . to their credit their three beer tap  has both stella and guinness two of my  . nonetheless i still have not found a wine there that i really love . not many people realize that they do make some excellent cheese plates if you need to snack on something . and the bar always has both goldfish and  . if you are on a date the really great thing is that you can grab a cozy table in the back and talk if you dont want to deal with the bar  .
__label__neg hey kerstin why are you eating a grilled cheese for dinner didnt you just eat outnnyeah but we  at miracle mile.nnnuf said really but our experience was such an epic fail i must  a bit . this was hubbys  mind you and he was pleased they had  vegetarian options . after a lunch of peter piper however even his lame veggie sandwich was pretty good to him . well see if i have to rush him to the er later since mm served sprouts when no one else is right now due to a contamination issue . he got his sandwich with a supposed potato knish . this was supposed to be creamy mashed potatoes with sour cream and seasonings in a pastry crust . what he got was an overly peppered dried out square of potato chunks in an unnatural color  in an anemic crust that had zero taste crunch or flake to it . it had that speckled look that old pastry gets . if this is what a knish is supposed to be then they nailed it.nni got the chicken and noodles with a side of mashed potatoes . it came with two inexplicable slices of untoasted bread . what is this 1950 at least it wasnt wonder bread . it was wheat . i had asked for sour dough when one guy told me there were no caraway seeds in the rye they served me initially . there were . the manager saved me by correcting his employee about the caraway only to be given the third degree by the ghetto tart working the register . why dont you like caraway she asked . i tried not to  at her ridiculously overplucked eyebrows and garish makeup as i replied i really dont like the taste . when she asked me why a second time youll be happy to know that i refrained from informing her that the gangbangers she was obviously trying to attract would not likely be  this establishment . anyway the chicken and noodles dish was complete mush and the sauce was totally canned and topped with a lovely hunk of congealed cheese . it was also not to temp . the mashed potatoes were 75 instant with some red skins thrown in for that real texture . foul foul foul . nnhence the grilled cheese .
__label__neg   coffee ever . had this place    and i will never come back . their drip coffee tasted watered down overpriced and it was by far the shittiest coffee i have ever had . i would much rather get my  from ampm then  walk into this  again . horrible .
__label__neg this restaurant is one of the filthiest ive ever visited in the entire  and i travel frequently to thirdworld countries on business . during my lunchtime visit the  room tables were strewn with uncollected plates and uneaten food the steam table buffet had food  hanging all over it and the carpeting was full of stains from groundin food particles . if that wasnt bad enough the buffet food was terrible too . it all appeared to come from frozen restaurant supply entreesvery oily stuff with poor smell  and appearance . during the 30 minutes i was there someone at another table complained about an unidentified object in her noodles while another customer  that the buffet was essentially empty . this place isnt even worth the 5.99 tax for lunch even if it does include beverage . yuckers to the core
__label__neg its almost comical how bad this place is . its all been said before me but heres just some of what makes this a horrible place to stay . nn1 no ac . i came in january so no real need for it except that both rooms i had were set to 80 degrees at check in and it took forever to cool down with the warm air just circulating . nn2 absolutely and completely filthy . there were  on the furniture and rando hairs all over the bathroom in both rooms i tried . 2nd room smelled like 20 years of smoking have been going on . nn3 the phones in my 2nd room didnt work very well and when i finally got to my messages it was just a sales  from embassy suites . nn4 elevators are unbelievably slow .  to wait . nn5 fridge in my first room was so loud i could hear it in the bedroom with the door closed and tv on . nn6 stupid automatic deadbolts . when im staying in a 3rd world  like this id  like the satisfying click of an actual deadbolt to let me  the door is secure . nnin  this place is just awful .
__label__pos i  this  rocked.nnwe  dinner  for a friday night for a table with a view.nwe were in the inside portion of the mansion with a large party.nnthe food was great views were great drinks were great.nmy favorite part was being handed a glass of sparkling wine as we entered . yaynnafter  we explored the house . then we moved to the lounge and found a very very entertaining and maybe drunk lounge singer think of the band at the end of the hangover movienni would definitely return for a fancy brunch or special night out .
__label__pos  ... ... ... ... the ambiance the wine list the cuisine the  the views the romance ... ..  mere  can not describe this   anniversary  we had ... ..
__label__neg after all the good  i have to say i was disappointed . anything  was  and the  and veggie  was overpriced and  . the customer service was great but the  was  and subpar .
__label__pos     when you  alterations done  . apparently they can also make custom suits but my experiences have been with having pants hemmed waistbands taken both in and out and having jacket sleeves lengthened.nngenerally your work will be  in a week or less . there are a number of people working here so you get whoever is free but ive been happy with everyone ive had . nnone thing i somewhat dislike is that even thought they do have changing rooms they will often do simple  without having you try on the item . luckily the estimates have so far been right on the money.nnoh and its cash only so hit an atm before you go .
__label__neg horrible service . i bought a 400 belt for a buddy of  for his  and he went the next day to  a bigger size never wore it or even really touched it . they told him they couldnt exchange it because it seemed a bit bent like if it was worn.nnmoreover the  service salesperson brought the belt into the back room and came back with an obvious  hole in the belt . she said that we did it even though they gift wrap the box and we didnt even touch it after buying it and it was brought back the same daynndespicable  . go somewhere else . blatant fraudsters wont even give you any service . i will not  this  lightly .
__label__pos the  york  is the best steak in phoenix az . the  baked potato is magical in its saltiness and  butterysour cream richness . the service is prompt and professional . the restaurant is housed in a  building . the  beer is a perfect  . the  walnut cobbler is a force onto itself .
__label__neg i understand when a store is busy every patron can not get the attention they may need .  i had questions about  my old macbook pro to an external hard drive so that when i purchased a new laptop which wouldve been  i could have access to all of my old documents . i had an issue with my apple id so i was unable to make a genius bar  . i stopped by anyway to see if i could get some quick advice from one of the 12 kids doing nothing but standing around in blue shirts . i was promptly told there was no appointments and maybe i should drive to another store . no inquiry about my questions no offer of any service at all . i was simply sent away brushed off  to go elsewhere . ok i mean ill find another store that wants my business . im sure the 15 other people wandering around aimlessly touching  device in the store were about to make major purchases too ... .
__label__neg meh is right . ive been wanting to try vincents since i moved to the area over a year  . i bought a groupon that ive been holding onto for way to long and decided that this was a weekend to go . honestly can say that i could have done without . nnour first impression upon walking in was old and stuffy . i get that your a french restaurant but no need to decorate like were still in the 80s . liquor bottles as a display doesnt look good . it should have felt like an upscale restaurant but it didnt.nni liked that their menu is constantly  . some of their menu options were actually pretty surprising . my husband and i probably went with the least interesting choices . i started with the lobster bisque 8. for our main courses it was lobster with basil linguine for me and beef tenderloin for him . the  was just ok the basil pasta was overcooked . mikes beef tenderloin was pretty good but not  the 34 price  . and none of the main entrees were under 32. i get that youre a fancy  but those prices are way too high . i have no problem spending 30 on an entree but it better  me . well just say vincents left something to be desired .
__label__pos  . docs  .  . nnmy   doc is dr. mansfield and she is amazing ... . as is her assistant . i dont know what id do without them . ive also been to other docs if im really sick and cant get in to see her and theyve all been great . the front desk staff is very friendly and quick with processing people through . you never have to wait long with an appointment and they have a streamlined process to get people through to a  quick but not so quick that you feel like youre just a number . they listen to what you have to say and dont just give you meds for the sake of giving you meds ... . which i love these guys rock
__label__neg first off frys you need to treat your employees much better especially the employee i seen that was being talk down to because of his age . let me paint you a picture of what i seen and heard . i went there and was behind an elderly gentleman carrying his little bag with his lunch he was limping and had on a frys apron . he went to the front manager and asked him if there was a department he could work that day because he was just not feeling to good . it appeared he was just asking for that day . the front end manger replied i am not sure i dont know if you know how to do anything else . i just need you to pick up the speed where you are know before i consider anything else . i know i was nosing in his business but it was very  breaking and degrading at the same time . let me tell you something mr front end manager this elderly man is probably the last few of his kind that  how to work and i am sure worked his tail off . do not ever talk to that generation with anything but respect and kind  where you can offer it . that is if he  allows you because that generation never looked for handout and that is why this gentleman is still working and packing his little lunch to show up for work and not call in like many would or i am just assuming with your company maybe that will be your excuse to let him go . so after listening to this and no it was not my business but i am sure half the things anyone witness in public is not anyones business but we still slow down to see the wreck . so i proceeded to get my 325.00 of groceries at your place when i should have walked right out and drove down the road . i went isle to isle and as i neared the front another female front end was barking out orders to the checkers yelling right in my ear . yes i looked at her and gave her one of my signature looks are you serious what is wrong with you type of look and she continued to degrade the front end employees . however it must not have had an effect on these two clowns that checked me out . because they were laughing at other people with  and bagging my groceries like they were tossing rocks in a pile . now let me gentle remind you frys without your customers you are nobody and word of mouth travels so fast and as you know all the advertising on billboards can not compare for a bad experience and a woman that will make it her job to inform the abuse this elderly man took on this day . i was never going to step foot in this store but that is wrong to complain and not do something . so every week about 2 times i make it a point to check to see if this gentleman still works there and that he may be treated a little more kinder . shame on you for allowing these putz kids to act like idiots and the little feeble elderly man that apparently needs the job and comes to work to make the best out of it is treated with such degrading words and gestures . i wanted to reach in my purse and give him his wage for the day and  on his apron and show your little store what compassion really means . but i figure this is a generation with great pride and it would do nothing more than make him feel worse . mark my words if i ever have your front end manager yell in my ear as i pass by or witness your employees show this man any disrespect you will hear my opinion yell right back and you know those people who  signs and marches in front of your store well there is a truck full of worker down by home depot that i can get together that you will see my opinion loud and clear .
__label__neg      after  taylors  joes special ground beef spinach onion etc . ... a dish i normally love there . its the only thing i ate all day so im certain it was this dish . awful night.nrichard
__label__neg this place just refused service . i have come here many times before this time i had a hang nail that had bled but i informed them that it had not bled for 24 hours and that i have been keeping it properly cleaned for sanitation  . they refused to  the nail claiming that it was still bleeding . i told them that it had not been for a day but they argued with me  that it  burn . i told them i have experiences far  and that  was not an issue . they made me wait 20  and then refused service . i will not be  back
__label__neg the   is  . now  its the  woody .    over .
__label__neg     .   .  very  . room full because of coupon customers . i dont know where other reviewers have gone but dont listen to them stay away .
__label__neg wow . ni called ahead to ask a few questions about what was going on with our bikes we know how to fix up bikes for the most part but dont have a bunch of bicycle tools for when all the gear for your head tube is being funny or your back hub is  up . he told us to bring our bikes in for a free estimate and theyd more than likely be able to fix it without too much of a charge . i thought hurraynnmy girlfriend and i travelled by bus to get to this place as we only have bikes . it took us about an hour on a sunday . we get there he looks our bikes over and says that its going to cost 10 for a chain reasonable and 15 to put it on . uhhhh what youre telling me that youre going to charge me more than the actual chain to put it on when if i had brought my little chain tool with me it would literally take me no more than five minutes to put the chain on that was absolute bs.nnhe also said he was going to charge 25 to put a front brake on . please tell me you are joking about that too . i checked my watch to make sure it wasnt april 1st.nnthen after my girlfriend  outside i find out that they arent even going to fix it today when it in total would have taken them no more than 10 minutes . the hipsters response was uh well i dont have the time to do it today . its very labor intensive work . it wasnt . at all . if i had the right bike tools it would have taken me about four seconds to rearrange the bolts for the front wheel.nntheyre  . theyre pretentious . and they think that i have no knowledge of bikes simply because i brought the bicycle in so theyre incredible condescending . not to mention upcharging the hell out of whatever they feel like.nndont go there . ever.nnfind somewhere else to go.nnif you really want an  deal and maybe learn a few  in the process  your bike to doug at bikes international in mesa . its out of his home but he took several classes on bicycle mechanics worked in several bike shops and now teaches classes on bicycle mechanics . for more info email him at bikesintlnetzero.com
__label__neg this place is definitely showing its age . it has withstood  in that it is still in operation but it is in dire  of some serious renovation.nnthe warm room which is the snack bar is often a disaster area.nthere is some sort of camp for kids which apparently meets up in the warm room . then destroys it . then leaves it like that.ni paid 2.50 for a deluxe mocha which was instant coffee and powdered cocoa . how that constitutes  ill probably never know.nthere is no comfortable seating to be found anywhere.nthe skates were  aged.nostensibly in an attempt to clear the  on the viewing glass but failing miserably there was a large fan blowing the cold air down toward the seating just to ensure you werent able to be warm at all . not a major problem the  i went as it was approaching supernova temps outsidenthere was actually a  on the floor in the warm room that remained there for the entire  i was at the rink which was almost 3 hours.nni would sooner pay the cost to go to the ice den . it is far cleaner much more maintained has comfortable seating much more and much better amenities .
__label__pos this place is a home run every timennalways a  spot for a date or intimate dinner with close friends and family tutti santi is our goto for authentic italian . the  is top notch . nntheir gnocchi is in my opinion the best in the valley . try it with their pink sauce you need to  this as the menu  a cream sauce with a splash of marinara . nnmy husband loves the ravioli alla nina . its so good . sometimes ravioli dishes are so  heavy but not here ninas sauces nachieve the fine balance of lightness and flavor and this dish is a prime example.nnfinally try the tiramisu . light fluffy and packed with flavor this dessert is a great way to  a wonderful  .
__label__neg i know that this place is a cult favorite for  coast pizza aficionados but the experience is disturbing and the workers are less than friendly . plus the place   an old grease pit.nnif you have been  on glendale on the  of 12th street and you must find a  of pizza within the next 2 minutes pats is your  . otherwise  yourself the reoccurring nightmare and go somewhere really anywhere else.nnstetson the brand man brandish
__label__neg r.i.p . pats  . so  we have lost our  eatery to self demise . after eating from pats for  with an  disappointment my  3 delivery orders have been  . good bye and  .
__label__pos i ordered 5 large pizzas for a party i had last weekend and they were great . i popped in early in the day and placed my order . the pizzas were  and ready on  . we got a  of pizzas and they were really good . the spicy chicken pesto was the biggest  .  perfect for the party . all my friends were asking about the place i  from . they have  wings too .  everyone that works there is so nice ... the type of neighborhood place you always want to order from .
__label__pos i love this library for two very important reasons free wifi air conditioning.nni take my daughters to this location frequently as there are plenty of inhouse kids activities plus we can check out movies and books for them that i can still return when theyre back home in ca.nnbut the  when the girls are here for an extended stay this is our home away from home.nnwe will often ride our bikes down and just hang out in the air  comfort playing games or reading books . sometimes the girls will do some computerbased activities and ill catch up on facebook or twitter on my iphone.nnone of the things i love about phoenix area libraries is the culture pass you check out a culture  and get free tickets and admission to area museums including the heard the bead museum etc.nnthere is  of parking and several bike racks available.nngo and  it out
__label__neg idk ... ive got ta say ive had far better pizza than this . i too was excited to try this place based on the reviews . we got  service in fact our server was super nice and  . we  a salad that was simply lettuce and spinach with a tomato thrown in . the 5  we spent on that could have purchased both 1 bag of lettuce and  bag of spinach.nnmy first glass of wine was corked and so much so that when i went to take a drink it burned my eyes but they were very nice about getting me a new glass of wine.nnnow on to the pie ... nnwe got the  special which came with a saccharin sweet sauce personal preference would be a bit tangier but it was the grease and the crust that was the bummer . when i get thin crust i like it to be crisp but this not so much . mush to the sogg town . nncant say that we will come back there are just too many good pizza places in town .
__label__neg 20 for  f  outrageous  off . i  wholly  advantage of and im pissed off . nobody bothered to warn me of pricing before   . that is an absurd  .
__label__neg the atmosphere is  but the food is absolutely  . it is  but chewy  covered in cheap  and grease . the quesadillas are served in a  of grease and the  are some of the worst in phoenix the quality is an insult to the prices charged and an affront to good mexican  . stick with the beer .
__label__neg i thought i was going to really impress some friends when they discovered the highly touted famous chocolate fountain feature of our surprise sunday brunch . nnallow me to help manage your  so youre not as disappointed as i was yes there is a chocolate fountain and it is included with your 813 brunch entree but buy your ownprobably identical model at walmart for 40 and save yourself the heartache of a  meal . nngranted we  for the famous chocolate fountain but we were prepared to enjoy breakfast first another disappointment . nni had the breakfast burrito and could only stomach the beans . the potatoes tasted like theyd been in the  too long . the eggs in my burrito were chewy not lightly scrambled in the slightest . the machaca had decent flavor but it was further ruined by the enchilada sauce that tasted straight from a generic cannnone of my guests had pancakes . sadly these were neither light nor fluffy instead they were chewy and tough just like my eggs.nn the myriad of accompaniments you can serve with the chocolate  are only limited by your  in theory but at aunt chiladas this past sunday your choices were dry chunks of cantaloupe flavorless honeydew pineapple cubes shall we say aged marshmallows and the unimaginative standby strawberries . oh and crispy lady fingers . nnfull disclosure i did not tell our server how much i hated my burrito or the pancakes and she did  how everything tasted . nntruthfully i was weary from the disappointment . its one thing to send back an entree but to say everything was unsatisfactory i just wont recommend it or  to return .
__label__neg  experience with dr lersch and referral specialist .  time visit with dr lersch for 11 year old  up was  . everything since then including spending hours on the phone following up on a referral false  to  to referral dr.s and  a decision dr lersch would not support a referral to a  therapist even though he diagnosed him as tongue tied . what a run around
__label__pos this  is consistently rated one of the top  or three salons in the state which is probably what drew my sister and mom there to begin with . being a totally oblivious male when it comes to things like this i usually just go with recommendations from friends or  . what was surprising was that it has all the chic trendiness of the upscale places which ding patrons for 6075 per male  but at less than half the price . nni have gotten cuts from myriah rae lyn and lucy and they all have done great jobs . they all were able to take what i instructed for example once it was im shooting for dr. mcdreamy . go and im   surprised . good conversation nice people and no  feel like at most spots like it .
__label__pos ive been going to salon surreal for about a year now . i get my waxes done there and am totally in love with kari those back rooms are great and relaxing . ive gotten a facials and microdermabrasions done as well all of it well worth the time and money i spent nni also have my hair done now by  who is new to the salon but nsuper sweet shes actually going to be doing my hair and the brides hair for my brothers up coming wedding and from what ive heard of her other formal dos shes amazing so im very excited about that . nnno matter what youre looking for this salon and spa has what you need and if youre not sure give them a call and the receptionists can give you a recommendation nni love the decor of the place its appealing to the eye if you know what to look for and its classy . i would say its the best mixture of an upscale salon and a place i could go just to hang out . nneveryone that works there is nice and their personalities run the spectrum some are sweet and soft spoken while  are boisterous and  . the one thing i would never say is that this salon is anything like a factory . its  and flowing set up allows clients to be the center of their stylists esthetician or nail techs attention . each person there brings their own personality and pop to their area but is by no means cluttered . nni would recommend this salon to anyone visiting the  area they have fabulous male and female stylists massage therapists estheticians and  techs
__label__neg i liked that they offer respray if you find  within 21 days of spray but after 3 months of service have had to have resprays each  . paying extra to treat for scorpions and there are now scorpions galore and worse than prior to exterminating ... nnand to make matters worse they give a 23 hour window to be home and twice now have not met that window or bothered to call to let me know they were not going to  their time slot leaving to to reschedule and play the  around for the bug guy all over again.nndo yourself a favor and find a more   .
__label__neg i ordered a pizza and salad for delivery from grubhub . while my delivery showed up on  my  was wrong . the pizza was missing 2 of the toppings i was charged for and was undercooked . additionally my   with the wrong dressing . the experience was disappointing . its the small things that make a  and streets of new   the ball  .
__label__neg good selection usually  people working out in the plants but customer service falls  when you get to the countervery slow .  a 15g tree last time paid for planting which was all fine initially . however the tree lost nearly all its leaves within a couple weeks . we called them and they told us not to be concerned . well we waited for the tree to recover but it ultimately died so called them back now a few  later . they scheduled someone to come out to check it but they were a noshow for the scheduled appointment . called again and the runaround started . now they needed an  number provided and were supposed to call back . no call back . called again to check no call back . called to complainno call back . weve just  up on getting this tree replaced as well as  going back to whitfill . buyer beware .
__label__neg i thought gallaghers was a sports bar i had planned to meet a couple of friends and watch a rare asu baseball broadcast on national tv . i arrive first and have to practically beg to have the game put on one of the many tvs present . im sure none of the other 3 people in the bar were watching jeapardy . another patron one of 3 already there had asked previously he told me later only to be shot down by the manager . so then i asked if i could actually listen to the game too no such luck . did i mention this was the hometown asu baseball team nationally ranked fighting for their postseason and a sports bar opts to play 80s hits instead i quickly called bs on that and as soon as the rest of my party arrived we left . if you  a sports bar near  peak i suggest trying 16th st. sports bar n  instead.nnive been to many suns games and other events at gallaghers so i assumed they would have a local sports team on tv with audio . the food is ok the prices are a bit steep for pubgrub . when i was there a monday during happy hour there were about equal number of wait staff to patrons and it still took 10 minutes to get a drink.nnim very  in the service and the lack of understanding by the  . the food isnt  to get me  and the prices are higher then average . id give it less then one star if i could .
__label__neg normally i  this place but   failed . they were understaffed to a criminal degree which is bad for employees and patrons . its not like the derby came as a surprise.nnnever coming back for a special event here . i did  to the  st and union hills location for  and had a much better experience . get your act together on 16th  and i could be persuaded to try again .
__label__pos ive been going to this pizza place for   . i use to  in the  and would visit weekly . i now  every few months .   
__label__neg i hate to rain on the love parade for this place but my husband and i  last night for pedicures . i called earlier in the day and made appointments . when we got there we waited 20 minutes to even get to the pedi  . my  waited  10 minutes before a technician even started with him . during the service she cut his toe the upside of his service was that she gave an amazing  and foot massage . nnnow back to my experience ... ..basically my service didnt begin until 25 minutes after i got seated in the  chair did i mention we had appt . for 5pm 45 minutes after our stated appointment time i finally saw my technician . unfortunely we had dinner reservations and had to leave in a limited time so i basically got shafted on the massagennthe staff was apologetic about the timing but first  are a killer . i really dont think we will be going back.nnsorry 
__label__pos im definitely not a fan of the  service but the place has gotten pretty sweet after the remodel . the ellipticals have tvs on them and iphoneipod hookups for  while working out and using it the store next  went out of business or something so they opened that up and and put the weight equipment in there . they bought a whole bunch more elliptical and stationary bikes and now its quite a  more cardio . im  proud of them for it  . nparking can be a little rough during the crowded hours but if you dont mind  a few extra  youll be okay .
__label__neg terrible experience.. long review but worth the read . dont make the same mistake i did . nni  signed up for yelp to write this review because my experience was so off putting . avoid mike martin . he was a very nice guy to start i explained my situation first time buying a car my price range i was already financed knew the exact car i wanted . he suggested we take a ride however before we got the keys i mentioned it seemed a little out of my budget but he insisted we drive  sales  long story short after we got inside he became the aggressive car salesman we all stereotype . he raised his voice ripped off his glasses threw both  on the desk and told me i clearly have never bought a car before which was one of the first things i told him after that i  how i still think the car is out of my price range and he told me that i would have to get financing through the dealership and called it a stupid idea to get financing any other place . what shocked me the most was when i told him i didnt want to   nor do a back and forth sales negotiation . if the price works we have a deal if not lets not waste time . his response was its because of people like you we have to do this after a comment  that i walked out . tried to resolve with the manager a few days later he tried to sell me another car ... what and i was assured it would be brought to mikes attention . all in all its a nice dealership decent selection but horrible buying experience . if you are looking for a great no b.s . car buying process i recommend taking your money elsewhere .
__label__neg apparantly after 10 years ive been  from the delivery  and told that they have never delivered to me because they have no  history . hmmmm ... . ive got  years of order  from this store but they have never  to me . never never never  to this store if you can help it .  customer service
__label__pos  place    great  and  for imaginative kids to have a blast . our little one just turned 6 and we were visiting the area . we werent sure if this  would be fun for kids older than say 4 or 5. she had sooo much fun reminded me of sweet days when i was in kindergarten . this is a great play experience so glad we went and at a  price
__label__neg  guys but 3.5 hours spent waiting for food that was  mediocre simply isnt acceptable . i  it was christmas and you were obviously  but our first experience there did not leave a good  at all . i simply  we caught you on a bad  .
__label__pos  stars for their new happy hour  which they  their economic  package . nn400600pm and 900pmclose domestic drafts are  cents . pitchers 2.99.  pitchers are somewhere in between . nnim really really  to please .
__label__neg i have eaten at uncle sams periodically since 1991. today was my last time . we attempted to use a discount card that was purchased from a high school fundraiser . i  the server the card when i ordered . only after we were   she came over with the check and informed us that we couldnt use the card as the single pepsi didnt count towards the food order . i had the manager come over and all he did was to argue and  me that he would get fired if he gave the small discount as it was the owners orders . i asked if they were willing to lose a customer over having the proper purchase  but being just 2.00 short in the food cost . he essentially told me that if that was how i felt he couldnt do anything about it owners orders . if they are so absurdly adamant the card should have been more legible as i couldnt read the  print even with reading glasses and the server should have informed me of the fact when i ordered not after the meal was consumed . any business that is willing to lose a customer over a few cents doesnt deserve to be in business . the soft drinks are a huge profit margin for them so the inflexible policy is inane.nnon another note the sandwiches are quite good although i can easily make a better philly cheesesteak at home . the pizza and wings are merely average . if you want far better wings go to sardellas .
__label__pos was a little reluctant to try jiffy lube as opposed to my auto dealer for a  oil change . i was afraid of the upselling etc . since i was overdue on this and hadnt made an appointment anywhere else i decided the possible expense of a burned out  outweighed the  of a   me there were multiple  wrong with my car . it turns out they were straightforward  efficient and i just needed an oil change . i was in and out and on the road .
__label__neg im seriously so over sprint . spotty coverage  the time my apps dont work because of low coverage ... dropping calls etc . not to mention messing up payments and bills.nntonight however im livid . my iphone died and i plugged it into my charger for 30 minutes . no luck . i tried two other chargers and still nothing worked . so i  it in to the store.nnsome employee with blondeish hair and black rimmed glasses came up and immediately acted annoyed he even had to help me . i explained my  and said he could try plugging it in to their charger but if its anything more than that youre gon na have to wait  ok rude.nnhe told me it was working fine and that i could just buy another charger if i wanted . no id rather not  my money . i got home and its been on the charger making the same screen it made at the store for an hour now and its still dead.nnsprint might  to have knowledgible employees when it comes to apple if theyre going to be dealing with iphones . guess ill head over to the apple store for help tomorrow . sprint and their employees are useless .
__label__pos havent had a bad meal here yet . the salads are large . large enough to share or have half and save half for later or lunch the next day . my favorite is the   . my husband and son are  to the focaccia deluxe sandwich . they love the parmesan pesto spread that have on it . i bring  a tub of the spread  sep and a bag of the toasted bread for dipping when i have company . the baked goods are  excellent . all fresh and  on premises . my favorite is the butterscotch ranger  . darn . shouldnt have told you . now they will be out when i go
__label__pos stopped in for lunch on a saturday afternoon and was very happily surprised at my  experience.nnthe hostess was friendly waiter funny and attentive and other staff said goodbye to us as we left.nnhad to have edamame to start of course and for the first time ever at a japanese restaurant they were steaming hot and not over salted.nni had the  roll and a shrimp tempura roll . tasty and fresh . sorry but im not a fan of shashimi so i stick to rolls.nnhad another dish called dragon tails which was chicken stir fried in a spicy almost buffalo style hot sauce . huge portion.nnwhen i peaked at the other diners across the room every portion looked really big i mean at least two if not  portions per serving.nnour entree was out a few minutes  than the sushi the waiter came by a few times and kept us  but it seemed as if he  the sushi would come out later so why not wait 5 min then turn out order in to the kitchennnnice yummy hassle free lunch .  you shogun .
__label__neg we did not have a good experience here . the food was bland and the quality of the ingredients was  . the server was slow and when we  the food to  sauce leaked out if the bag  a  mess . the containers just werent  to  all that bland flavor.nnif a one  rating doesnt tell you to skip it i dont know what will .
__label__pos   when  to  up appointment . salesman was very helpful and   . got the  up quickly and neatly .  with their services .
__label__neg lims chinese boofay is a throwback china boofay . if you want  and spring rolls and vegetables and no msg youd better head elsewhere . if you remember going to a china boofay in 1979 back when nobody knew or cared that chinese people never eat this stuff and you loved the kitschy decor and salty fried food then lims is your place . ill bet that the recipes and decor are the same as theyve been for the last 30 years.nnyouve got your requisite fried rice lo mein beefbroccoli sesame chicken sweetsour pork egg foo young eggrolls fried chicken and  a  of other items beyond that . everything was cooked not so bad as far as the consistency on the crispygreasy spectrum but had so much msg that my mouth literally had a buzzing  when i left . not a taste a feeling left over from the  glutamate infused cuisine . blech.nnthe discard pile was actually tiny for the sesame chicken but instead of honey it was flavored with syrupcheapass imitaion maple corn syrup . still i must admit it was lean chunks of white meat chicken and was my favorite if i had to pick a poison.nss pork looked lean with large chunks of nonfatty meat but the insides were a little gristly and each bite in had about 20 come back out onto the discard pile . seems like they tried to keep it lean though.nnin the entire boofay table there was hardly any color from veggies . all i found was some icebertg lettuce and coleslaw in the cold section plus brocolli in the beefbroc carrots and onions in the ss and some white cabbage and a few onion pieces in the lo mein . thats about it . oh the egg rolls had cabbage inside too and are the old school thick skinned bubbly deep fried and mushy not the  roll thin skinned crispy kind.nnlims had some decent flavors and i created a small discard pile so could be a 3star boofay by getting rid of the msg using honey instead of syrup on the chicken and adding a bunch more  into the mix.nn6.25 lunch 1.50 more for a soda was not worth it no matter how much volume you shove in.nnstill buzzing from the weird msg high . no sir i dont like it .
__label__pos what great customer service i needed to purchase  for a  patch we were putting together for an event and i called back several times with questions and changes . each time the lady on the phone  i had her  was so patient and i truly appreciated that . their driver  was  and so  i would  western ranchman to anyone thank you for delivering excellent customer service
__label__neg omg generally i like massage envys . its a hit or miss whether you get a good or bad therapist and you have to learn to ask for specific ones the good  is you can almost get an appointment last minute.nbut at this particular location the staff seems to have forgotten they are a massage place and not a used car lotni came out of the massage not entirely happy since the  that massaged me was a bit i dont want to use the word weird okay weird okay to be kind not to my liking.nbut i decided i would  be pleasant and pay for the massage . . . at the counter the girl checking me out just would not let me go without arm twisting me to sign up for membershipnshe told me they were  a membership special that was for that day and if i  out the  the special was expired . even after i said no i was not interested multiple times she continued to strong sale me and would not return my credit card to meni left feeling upset and very tense which totally negated the massage that i just received and i also did not get my credit card back i had to  back to get my card.nwhat a  . ni felt like i should have been paid to have been there instead of paying for the service it was that tortuous
__label__neg very unaccomodating and expensive if your kids can not make it to camp one day of the week they will not allow a makeup day and the price stays the same . they charge a late  if you want to come the same  and dont seem to care  they turn away new clients or customers because they are more interested in money . gold metal  in chandler although a bit further is a better option . they are friendly  and know that with children and our lives  dont always work out exactly as we  . save your money and go to another camp that  about families and kids and not about nickel and diming you .
__label__pos dumpy place  food . honestly who cares what this place looks like . we  our  sat at a table and waited for our number to be called . my kids were  at first but the waft of greasy deep fried burritos  their nostrils and all sense of  faded in the blink of an eye . mmmm mmm mmmmm ... .chimichanga  . even though this  is clearly not a 5 star restaurant i highly recommend it to everyone .
__label__neg i only live about 15 minutes from the airport so typically a cab is the easiest  to get home without hassling someone to pick me up . i got into the cab and saw a  card machine which was good because i only had  on me . i told this to the cab driver and he got onto the freeway  me that the machine doesnt always work but if it doesnt ill take you to the  atm ... . as a girl its not the most comfortable situation getting cash while a cab driver is waiting in the car ... with your belongings unfortunately the cab fare was 28 and the machine wasnt working ... so there i was at the atm . it ended up not being the most convenient options since it added about 15 minutes onto my trip and the 2.50 atm fee . the  was nice the cab was  but dont advertise that you take cc and not have the machine 
__label__neg i must be one of those chumps because i just ate here 30 minutes ago and thought it was  . first off the parking situation is ridiculous . i drive a longbed crew cab truck so its not like i ever expect it to be easy but wtf they have spaces facing a  which are easy to get to but then have more spaces behind those for  parking and there isnt room for a go kart to back up when someone uses those other spaces . nnwhen you go inside it smells incredible but when you get your food it just smells like pure butter . i am not even sure why i ate my dinner . it was a mix of ingredients that just didnt work . i had a carne asada burrito probably not their specialty but read enough of my  and you see thats almost all i eat . it was almost half beans then a bunch of guacamole and some very tasteless meat . it was a cardboardbeanavocado burrito . the tortilla had so much damn butter on it that it tasted like a butter stick . im not looking forward to seeing my cardiologist  after this . nnprobably the one redeeming quality i  is the little 11 year old girl that was the cashierorder taker actually spoke english . the rest of the staff were not bilingual and while they dont need to be it seems funny that the entire menu is in english . i have no problem saying carne asada but why type  steak on the menu if you dont want me to order it that way
__label__neg im sorry what this place was the worst first of all its a major dive in a     parking lot with really gross strip club and theres another one across the  . the food is horrible horrible thick bland raw flour tasting breading with not a speck of seasoning to be found . 4.35 for a bowl of bad canned clam chowder . fries were soggy and bland . clams were bland as well ive had  that were better . cocktail sauce was even bland . seriously if you like eating at convalescent homes this is your place . otherwise look  .
__label__pos i brought my moen white  roman tub spout to be refinished brushed nickel to match my recently updated bathroom fixtures . unfortunately i discovered after leaving the tub project for last moen no  makes a replacement for older spouts . my only options were to replace the entire tub and fixtures for 1000 keep the old fixtures that clashed with the new ones or have the spout replated.nni was reluctant to use papago plating after reading some of the reviews on yelp but went  with the order  . if you are looking for immaculate antiseptic officenthis may not be the place for you . however the business  like a typical  jobshop one might find anywhere . the lady that waited on me was very pleasant knowledgeable and accurate with the final cost and  date . it took one week and only cost 42.  nwow papago plating did a fantastic job . the spout matches the new tub handles perfectly .
__label__neg the airport is clean and looks like its been recently renovated . im not really fond that the rental  location is 10 minutes away though .  i dislike how you have to do a full body  and  your fingers swiped for bomb stuff.. its  ... really out of all the airports ive been to this is the only one that made me do it . lastly the us airways employee at the airport booked me the wrong flight . she gave me a ticket but when she put us in teh system it was to a different place . we ended up staying in phoenix  night since there were no more flights  to so.cal.. not cool and they wouldnt even cover the cost of the hotel . they only offered a discount.. suppppppper lame
__label__neg its an airport and you dont  spend a lot of time there so why review first on the  our baggage took an  long time to come out . it was just ridiculous . i am accustomed to long waits at dfw where no one actually works in baggage retrieval . but here it was even worse . there was no organization and throngs of  stood around and then scurried to another carousel as changes were announced . we waited and waited and waited forever . the second gripe is that the tsa  to be inconsistent with practices followed in every other  i have  in the rest of the us . that may be the tsa and not the airports  but why here overall my experience was less than favorable .
__label__neg putrid . pathetic . podunk.nntoo big not to have some method of transportation of from the jets to the puddle jumpers . i check everything except a computer bag and purse so thats fine but god forbid you fly carryon and dont have a wheely bag . nni was wearing brand new tennis shoessauconyand still it was a long walk after the ny flight landed late . if your destination is scottsdale and youre coming from la or sf or sb and dont want to drive then fine . to transfer through this third world dumphaving been warnedwell you get what you deserve . nnwhen i got to sb i met a ph.d. in english who went through program after i did but is my age who told me that this was her least favorite airport in america and that the only reason she flew us air was that it saved her over 300 dollars so she figured she would suck it up . nnthe carpet should have been on that famous dateline  about germs as it  like the 1980s carpet which used to be in the outside ladies locker room at santa barbara athletic club which caters to swimmers . whoever decided carpet would be a good idea in the swimmers locker room needs immediately to get out of the interior design or consulting biz by the way . nnthere are no words for how bad this place is . it makes punta cana dominican republic look like the maui four seasons . the food sucks . the us gate people suck and they dont speak  and i had to help this wonderful older mexican   on the plane to sb after theyd missed the connection to  maria and no us air gate attendants not flight attendants who might be from anywhere could speak the language a huge percentage of phoenix residents do . nni am merely repeating the sentiments of charles s old ugly worn out and dirty . time to replace the carpet and the furniture yall .
__label__pos  the     for lunch  .  business  place
__label__pos i love the programs  at yong  of america they keep the programs affordable while still giving great attention to each  of the class . the  seem knowledgeable on the arts and i  their abilities to teach . the classes are affordable but we all know life  sometimes and the scholarship opportunity has been a huge  i am so thankful that the focus of the program is on each students opportunity to perform and improve not on creating competition and tension . with karate cheerleading soccer and dance i  there are plenty of opportunities for trying new things
__label__neg there were such mixed reviews that i had to find out for myself . ive been looking for a new neighborhood pizza joint and hoped that maybe this place could be it . no no noooo wayyyyyynfirst i ordered hot wings all drummies and extra crispy . the rep said that i  have my requested order because the wings come premade in ovenready containers . when someone orders wings they take it out of the  and place the container in the oven to heat it up .  unable to take special requests.nthe pizza arrived piping hot but i had  for well  with the cheese brown and bubbly . the cheese was melted . i have to agree with the other  there was an odd taste to the sauce and cheese . im from wisconsin so i can taste real quality cheese . this was very odd tasting cheese . nthe wings were absolutely disgusting . barely warm . i put them under the broiler after they were delivered and they still tasted rubbery . the skin was drenched in sauce but unable to get crispy even after my broiler attempt . very fatty.non a positive note the delivery was quick . i wish they would have taken the extra time to at least make an effort to make the customer happy . honestly and my own personal opinion because im no expert i dont think the wings were even at health dept standards . nthis was the worst 30 ive ever  . i encourage  to do more research before settling on ginos . ill never order from here again .
__label__neg  after    and     . but this was horrible . staples like chips and salsa were stale and bland respectively . but to make matters worse my fajita was the most disgusting thing ever . the chicken was fried to the point that i could not chew it and the veggies were covered in grease and the whole thing was cooked in soy sauce is that traditional it was a nasty overall experience ...
__label__pos very nice ambience  in the fall . nlarge mature trees line long fields with a pretty view of the  mountains . a quaint farm setting with small gardens and little shops in shabby chic buildings . nnyou park across the street in a dirtrock  . once you wander across the street there is a cute little shack type set up you walk in grab your fresh made  packed items . they have fresh and hearty salads with your choice of gourmet dressings choices of sandwiches on artisan breads delicious muffins and cake slices all made right there . there are really  miniature pies that look great as  as fresh made lemonades that are really good . nnyou get your sandwiches fresh made in a little picnic basket after you pay . grab a seat in the fenced in garden and enjoy the views and the weather if its not too hot out . many people bring their pups and enjoy a walk  the farm.nni love this place i love that everything is fresh and it always tastes greatnnprices are very reasonable for the quality of food you are getting .
__label__neg do not  here i currently rent here . its pretty cheap compared to other places nearby but thats for good reason . i  in around the middle of july and have placed a maintenance request at least once every other week . the apartment is full of very outofdate appliances that break often and the maintenance crew is not very good at getting to requests in a timely manner . the staff is not very nice as a whole . i mainly speak with one woman on staff and she is wonderful . however i went to get a package tonight from the main office which closes at 6pm . it was 610 when i got there and i knocked on the locked door just to see if someone was still around and could quickly  the little box from the back room . a woman id  spoken with opened the door and very rudely and condescendingly told me that they were closed . i told her i was only looking to pick up my package from the room right over there and she very rudely again told me that they were closed and that you can  it  . she kept repeating as if i were a child who didnt understand english that i could  back in the morning . nid think that considering they know that people dont like this complex theyd at least try to be  .
__label__pos the     and the   the  .  selection of coffee and bagels keeps everyone in the family satisfied . a little pricey but the food quality is good . for ahwatukee its probably 5 stars but sine there are better places around phoenix its a 4. they should expand into a bigger space as this places gets crowded in a hurry .
__label__pos  lo mein anywhere in this  their dishes   fresh and are  balanced . we  them many visits and were never  . they deliver as  .
__label__pos this place is perfect for a date night happy hour  some yummy apps my fave is the bruschetta and   of wine . theres space to sit at the bar high top tables as well as  . i suggest going on the nights where there is live music to fully enjoy the experience . the  are friendly and knowledgeable and there is  nothing  about this wine  . go try it out
__label__neg went in a few  ago . food and staff was average . the restaurant however is a mess . the tile around salsa  is dirty and chippedwindows   and sign printed out and stuck on wall . the  to me looks like its been written off . its in a hidden location . if the front end looks that bad i would hate to see the  . very disappointing to  a good brand let a unit get that disheveled .
__label__neg   but  was  .  eggs basted  . got scrambled . sent back and they came back cold  with oil and burnt around the edges . toast was pretty much not toasted . manager brought out more  as we were paying the bill . they adjusted the check though so that was nice .
__label__pos good salad barnconsistently good food . the   and desserts are good.ngreat value for families with small children under 2 eat free .  cream  with the toppings and really  home  biscuits and honey butter .
__label__pos wow what a hidden gem this place is stopped in with my mom and sister . i ordered a bean tostada pastor street taco and some chips and salsa . everything tasted fresh and amazing . beans were creamy salsa was a fresh  de gallo chips were crispy and the pastor was  and a little hint of spice . my  ordered the steak fajitas and they were  worth the wait . the meat was tender and flavorful and the onions and peppers were caramelized and perfectly seasoned . the  had such a great texture and  of flavor that i loved . my sister had a veggie street taco which i had a bite of and it was surprisingly good . it was beans peppers onions potatoes and avocado . the only negative was the ladies bathroom was in disrepair and a little dirty . however the food and quick  was outstanding . i will  be back .
__label__neg note our stay could have been an entirely different experience had we not booked a stay the weekend after a livingsocial.com deal was made available . we did not buy that deal we were regular customers ... nnok starting at the beginning . nn checkin is 400pm . we got there at 350pm arrived to a line of no less than 30 people . no rooms were available for us . they temporarily checked us in and said we could go to the water park and call back in an  to see if a room was ready ... but the only place to change was at the athletic club clear on the opposite side of the park . by the time we hiked over there and back it was 5pm . our room wasnt ready until 640 we called about 5 times until they finally had one ready . nn the room was hot . it was on the top floor and really never cooled down even after we removed a gross dirty air filter ill be posting a picture in case youre into looking at icky stuff . if youre one of those people who likes it very quiet to sleep top floor is bad.nn also on the noise topic our bathtub dripped so bad it sounded like the faucet was on a slow trickle the whole time . water wasters side note the bathroom was so small you had to step out of the way to shut the door . a large person might need to step into the tub to shut the door . nn gross ... there were  places of sticky on the carpeting . 2 were right in places where normal people put their feet all the time so that was annoying and nobody should have been in that room until that was cleaned but they were completely sold out because of the livingsocial.com deal.nn the railings along the walkways to our room seem flimsy to an acrophobe like me . if you have small children or rowdy older kids you might ask for a room on a different floor . a lower  closer to the ground ... safer.nn the oasis water park was ok but the staff had no continuity . one person would allow a 47 child to  the slide another wouldnt . one day they didnt care if your floats were by your seats while you ate lunch the next day they were collecting them just for getting out of the water . and so on and so forth ... and any time you get a bunch of people staying at a resort they wouldnt normally be able to afford youre going to get a class of people that are ... subpar . we saw at least 2 instances of people just taking other peoples chaises even when they clearly had their personal stuff shoes shirts stored there . there was considerable pushing and shoving to get in the water lots of unsupervised rude 812 year old kids . all of this was a nuisance that probably is not a regular issue.nnnnthe hotel did try to make right by us . we only complained about having to wait for a room for so long and they ended up cutting our hotel rate in half which was then less than those livingsocial.com folks and giving us vouchers for drinks 6 and enough vouchers to cover our lunch for 6 people . so they were aware of how screwed up things were . we didnt complain about the room or the park as it was so  busy it didnt seem worth it .
__label__pos i arrived with my three year old asleep in her car seat . she was probably out for the night . i promptly woke her up and after passing a rather large bull we entered the cave . a few more  and we entered the restaurant on the second floor . at this point we were  the choice of slide or stairs down to the dining area . i parted ways with my daughter at this point . i didnt  the dvd player to entertain her this meal the slide entertained her till the food arrived . she came back briefly in tears with an incoherent story about some collision and then went  to sliding . with some older kids present  a three year old free to slide was a little dubious but sipping my  in silence left me unconcerned . i ordered a kids meal grilled cheese for her and i had meat . my daughter ate her meal with a napkin and paper bull horns . for my part meat is good . clearly a tourist stop as reflected in the price and by the du00e9cor ive been waiting for some nonvegetarian relative to  so that i can return .
__label__pos went here for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding . the  was great the service was great the drinks were  . nnwe  outside and the view was  . nnim a little bummed i missed out on the infamous  but next time for sure . nnmy biggest issue was parking . even on a thursday night we had drive around for quite a while to find a spot . it was tough because our car contained a toddler and a  months pregnant woman and we has to hoof it pretty  . maybe a shuttle service from lower level parking would help .
__label__neg i ordered the big burger and was sorely disappointed . the burger patty was over   in  and  . the fries were nothing special nor were the onion rings . the atmosphere was loud as to be  the waitstaff was pleasent enough however most barley spoke english . at least the free cotton candy was  ... .thats about it . super disappointed and i will not be returning anytime soon . this place needs to   on the decor and atmosphere and more on the food .
__label__neg well food was bad . my shrimp was tasteless ... .i mean ... .no seasoning at all . bland rice . others at the table said the same thing about their food . amazing waiter  . for a crazy friday night with kids  ... he was amazing and attentive .  i remembered his name . very tall guy .  . this place is geared more for children for sure . a big slide a balloon guy comes to the tables ect . an adorable bull is near the entrance and the view is awesome . but i  say this place is more for kids than an   . thats just my  .
__label__pos i am really impressed by this facility . every machine you could want racquetball courts the best spin bikes anywhere large arobics room free weights tvs on the cardio some with ipod hookups pool spa and a steam room.nnsure the staff may be  and the sales people are  very shady but luckily i was grandfathered in from purefiness and rarely deal with either . nnone of the biggest negatives for me is the parking lot . there are more speed bumps in the parking lot per 100 feet than you will see in your whole day . i do not know why they felt it necessary to put so many of them . i can not drive my convertible here due to them.nni also am unsure about the aroma of the free weight area in back to me it smells like a barn but i think it is due to the glue used on the floor . either way i do hope it  soon.nnthe machines are nice they usually have two to three of each type of  with the latest being the eclipse line that are very smooth and easily adjustable.nnthe spin bikes are great very smooth digital read outs and so far 100 functional.nna small grip with the tvs on the  equipment is the channel selection . news stations sports e and some anti acne channel . i would be happier with the local mix of channels.nnthe pool area is  with a three lane lap pool sizable spa and steam room . they are cleaned nightly but there are some grimy spots that could use a bit more attention .
__label__pos      .  .   place but clean and comfortable atmosphere . as soon as i walked in i smelled good food they have free wifi and waitress was really nice
__label__pos i have had this  in the past .   .  chili wings are very  . the   was also  .
__label__neg nothing gourmet here greasy fried  . barely any  legs.i didnt eat much and i kept  good away cause it was  . save your  and go elsewhere.nnnot going there again
__label__neg will never  .  manicure   the next day . my manicurist kept shooting snot rockets and picking her nose in the sink between clients . none of my nails were the same shape . my friend with me got a french gel  and her girl took over an hour and a half to do them and they started chipping the    going back .
__label__pos super big and nice location have a very big  of different  for all genders and ages . staff is super nice and helpful . went here looking for a certain shoe in a  size and color and they did not have what i was looking for .  someone   that could help me and in a matter of  he had looked up what stores had what i was looking for super nice and great customer  and even when it is busy
__label__neg i found myself with an hour to waste  week while i waited for work on my cell phone . so i decided to go in for a bite to eat since it was dinner time and the smell in the parking lot was good . nni ended up having a nice time as i set at the bar and  with a senior couple that comes in frequently . we both ordered appetizers since they were half price at happy hour and we all had a drink . i had a bottle beer . they only offer a dollar off drinks at happy hour and they are still overpriced.nnthe  was ok. the bartender that basically ignored me and had 3 others assist me  talking to the couple i was  to also . she  spoke to me or made any eye contact . hmmmmnanyway she said on more than 3 accounts how she loved the cheese fries and onion rings we were sharing . maybe she wanted some well the orders were bigger than the 3 of us could consume and we trashed the remaining . lolnni thought the  rings were grand but was not impressed with the cheese fries . at half price they are a good deal for either but at full price i would rethink before spending 7 bucks on fries .
__label__neg weve moved  from  restaurants  to the lack of service we  receive . i almost felt judged by the server because we werent dressed up . i mean we were in jeans and tshirts but didnt look like bums . the food was terrible too . the server seemed annoyed that he had to bring us extra calamari  and was difficult to find . they claim their pasta is homemade and al dente but really it was just undercooked . ive had  pasta before and never had it served so hard or sticking  . i doubt well ever come back .
__label__pos oh how i miss this place this was our favorite place to eat in phoenix . they give you huge portions for really cheap . they arent jerks about substitutions or special orders . just lots of normal greasy food . they serve breakfast all day . if you just order a salad the salads are bigger than your head and they give you a whole bowl full of dressing . i had the chef  all the time.nnsome of the waitresses are a little kooky but you soon figure out which servers to ask for . jeremy was a great waiter if hes still there . hed see us coming in and grab a high chair and find us a table before the hostess even saw us . jeremy seems to make it a point to go the extra  for his regulars . he remembers what they always drink what they usually like to order their special requests their kids names . that guy earns his tips . he is on the ball . the little old lady with the thick accent is slow but shes a  little old lady . one of the  with dyed hair is a bit too  and we avoided sitting in her section whenever possible . shes definitely weird but totally harmless i promise nnif youre all high class dont  with this place you wont like it . if you want normal food for cheap and you want to be full when you leave this is the place to go . we would generally try to go when they werent crazy busy though because the wait can be long  . like when the after church crowd gets there.nnthe decor is loud and smart alecky . the food is normal diner food . it is the kind of place that has a lot of regulars that  there all the time including a lot of older folks . and if you become regulars like we did they get to know you and you get to know them and the place really grows on you .
__label__neg i have taken my   there for a  time to get a shampoo and cute and have not been happy . i was too lazy to go anywhere else . well now im done with petco . their quality is terrible . pricing is  and they  employees in the grooming all the time . i will  some time here on yelp to find a quality reaonably priced groomer . goodbye petco for 
__label__neg what a huge disappointment . was really in the mood .  the guy gets the order  and is slow to correct the mistake . i order grilled chicken . seems simple.ni have never seen or  chicken that looked more like  dog turds.ndry causing me to choke . you can tell i am loving this place . the man behind the counter seemed mildly annoyed  our order . the girl was sweet if not somewhat clueless . sound good took two bites and left . wondered why i took a second bite.nsick . they  have cared less . oh the  was mushy . slice of cucumber
__label__pos great theater to see 1st release  . cine  is awesome get there early or go on  morning to avoid crowds . other theaters are more than  for watching  enjoying any movie . local  restaurants are varies casual to  dressy it is scottsdale after all .  discounts are offered too .
__label__neg  for dinner tonight at the restaurant usually just get delivery which is ok ... i will probably not eat here again and stick with delivery . the  took forever and was undercooked no crunch to it . we asked for pineapples and they  so many on it was just  . also the bathrooms are just gross looked  they hadnt been  ever . i was pretty bummed about the whole  what a  of calories .
__label__pos this was my   here and it was good . i had an ak47 pinner which is the medium size roast  mushroom and red onion sandwich with au jus  and it was pretty tasty . the  is laid back cool pieces of art to look at and polite and dare i say   .
__label__pos first off  the kimchinnid  hodori five  because the food is really great . what ruined it for me was the service . the server whose name escapes me was very  with us maybe it was an off day but i dont know if thats really a valid reason . were not a very demanding party of two so we were a bit thrown off.nndespite that minor setback the bbq chicken and bbq  were takehomeforleftovers worthy . which is good because you  pay for your portion . go during lunch which i believe ends at 3. halfprice meals which still totals about 12 a person
__label__neg i dont get this place . they have multiple  and multiple doctors in each building but it is damn  impossible to get an appointment  you call them 730am sharp my 6 month old daughter was sick quite often in the first few months of her life and we had to bring her in quite often . i had better chances of getting tickets to a sold out concert than an appointment at this practice . nnwhen you do  an appointment doctors constantly contradict each other and put each others diagnosis down often . i have  the words dont listen to that doctor i know what i am talking about . nnas a parent of two small children that is not all to  . honestly i prefer the staff at conerstone urgent care a lot better that this staff . so you might ask why do we still go the reason weve had doctors in the valley ten times worse than these people . they are organized they are clean and i like how all their computers are networked through all their offices . this  is a lessor of other evils ... . i personally think they see waaaay too many patients to have a relationship with the family . when we go i feel like a number and a price tag to them .
__label__pos place was kind of hard to find but the  parking is a  . i have insurance so i am not eligible for the advertised specials but i still feel i got an   . i understand i  polycarbonate lenses due to not wanting coke bottle thick lenses but i dont like the feeling that i am being upsold so much.nnthe staff was friendly and put out a mellow vibe from  all the way  to the doctor . exam went well and i had plenty of time to pick out a frame afterwards . nni feel this store needs to move or needs a remodel . i  in at their store down in queen creek with a friend and that store looked clean and had lots of natural lighting.nnall in all a good experience and a good pair of glasses .
__label__neg  not  with       senior price on sat . afternoon after 4 pm is outrageous . were using a gift card my husband recdc for his birthday otherwise i wouldnt be coming here .
__label__neg wow i  im not the only one that will never  back . first off we stopped going about a year ago only because money got tight . this used to be my favorite place . its always been expensive but you used to get what you paid for . the meals stayed extreamly expensive but the portion sizes got a lot smaller . the spaghetti sauce was tasteless the garlic bread used to come in a pizza pie pan and was covered with butter and garlic . it was delectable . now 8 gets you a  dry pieces of crap . i could have made this at home for about .99 cents . the waiter and management were very unaccommodating when it came to a 10 gift card that wasnt actually good in another 2  . come on give us a break . no chocolate milk for the kids . pepsi products  mistake and the final straw the icecream desert  said 6  of  cream on the menu . i counted 2. nnsorry buca never again
__label__neg just back from the worst lunch experience i have  had . my  has a no chilis policy and i need to follow that . nnarrived and were seated immediately by being asked to take a booth in the  area . plenty of available tables but none the less was asked to sit there . we were greeted by a nice enough server and she explained the new minipad system . we immediately ordered strawberry lemonade and iced tea . 2 of usnnwhen the drinks arrived we ordered from the menu . my lunch partner had the  fajitas and i thought to try something new on the menu chipotle shrimp bowl the photo looked wonderful.nn40 minutes later ... yes forty minutes later ... and after seven other tables seated after us by at least 10 minutes were served our food arrived . i was famished . nnfirst bite of my bowl was a piece of chipotle shrimp and lettuce and the food was cold . odd i  this was grilled shrimp . so i bit into another one and yep cold . so i broke open one and it was raw . yep . raw shrimp.nni called the manager over who seemed amazed the food was cold and didnt really respond that it took 40 minutes to arrive and offered me a bowl of soup . its 110  outside today.nnno thank you . just the check please . after 10 minutes we received a to go order we placed 30 minutes prior and now the server had a huge attitude with us . i guess being angry at waiting so long and getting raw shrimp served to us is no reason to be upset in her world.nni left a 1.00 tip and we left . nni will not go back here and i urge anybody reading this ... find someplace else to go .
__label__neg so heres the deal ... and i kind of feel bad for only two stars ... nwe went here for breakfast . and the breakfast was okay . it was ... well ... average . im no cook im a career girl . but my breakfasts made at home kill over what we got . i was  breakfasty fireworks and culinary glory after a week of dieting and restraint . it was a rare  morning alone with my husband ... no kids for a few  hours ... and we decided to monumentally have breakfast . ni of course consulted my fellow yelpers who are generally the smartest best and brightest in the world ... and having been to giant hamburgers forwell a giant hamburgeryears previously which was freaking amazing i thought that i could not go wrong in suggesting this place to my husband . many yelpers highly recommended g.h . for breakfast so how could we go wrong and off we went.nbetween the two of us we were able to sample a fair range of food.nokay so the toast was just cheap bread think 2 loaves for 1 at a bread outlet ... it shreds apart when you look at it sideways the eggs were very  and bland ... bacon was okayyyyy and i love bacon with an unholy passion so its rare that bacon doesnt blow my skirt up but just cheap thin cuts not particularly underdone but not the usual glory that  is . i will say that i did somewhat enjoy the biscuits and gravy but i would swear to you on any religious book that the biscuits were prepackaged generic not freshhandmade . nthe staff there is truly nice and i like the personal service . saying hello . eye contact . genuine niceness . this was consistent with my experience there a few years back and it hasnt changed . this kind of services is worth buckets of cred in my book.nwhat i severely disliked was being the only englishspeaking people in the restaurant for the last 15 minutes of our stay . at one point all the staff were speaking spanish and after one older couple left all of the diners were speaking spanish and it was as though we had been transported to someplace nestled deep inside the manky heart of guadalupe . but without  food . it was uncomfortable enough that we finished up left some food behind and bailed a little quicker than we probably would have . nso although i am a big fan of the giant hamburgers at giant hamburger ... i just didnt feel all the breakfasty  that other reviewers did .
__label__pos  we finally tried this arizona landmark . everything that youve heard is true . food is mediocre  and room is entertaining . the building is all  it resembles an octoberfest brewhaus with a balcony and long tables with  in the round . you pay cash for your food and wait to see your number on a board . you then go pick it up and walk it upstairs . not ideal but ok. nnfood was blah . organist and  was something we havent seen before . nnevery one at the table  so we got this place outta the way . meaning weve all been trying to experience it . we have . now we can move on . its  to say if ill go back .
__label__neg i was there this weekend both saturday and sunday for a youth tournament for my son . our home bowling alley is the brunswick zone on southern and dobson . this was my first time to this particular alley . this was the worst bowling alley i have ever been to in my entire 31 years of living . nnthe location is hidden back behind some office buildings . the building is plain late 60s decor . the interior from what i was  had not been updated in over a decade at least . the newest renovation was a strip of fluorescent carpeting and some fluorescent paint on the walls . for neon bowling i presume nnthere is no real seating for the bowlers . there are  and chairs randomly placed through out the building . each table only gets 4 chairs so if someone else steals a chair or you have more than 4 bowlers someone is going to have to stand . on a rack in the corner in the back there are about 20 alley owned balls so good luck getting one in the right weight . the bathrooms are tiny and dilapidated . whole chunks missing out of several spots in the tile . the handicapped stall has a baby changing station that does not fold up . it stays wide open so you cant even get in there . the flusher in that stall also gushes when you flush so you might want to flush with your foot . nnthere are only about 20 lanes and they are occupied by what seems like permanent residents over the age of 80. they didnt even want to leave for the alleysponsored tournament . nnthe food was just thrown together . nachos were a plate full of chips and a tiny  of cheese sauce . 2 small sodas ran me over 6. the overpriced snack bar didnt even accept creditatm cards because their phone line was down . nnthe  were so slick and greasy they practically had puddles of oil in them . lane 4 occasionally goes completely  while people are bowling . nnthey do not have a pro shop . their  games were few and broken . i dont think they serve alcohol.i did not see a bar.nni would never ever come to this  alley again by choice . even the amf on main that closed last year was better than this one . they should have  this one instead . if youre looking for a place to bowl i would suggest you go anywhere but here .
__label__neg service has changed at this store over the years good luck checking out in any reasonable length of time . be sure the charges are correct too while you are at it.nwhen shopping here the system is clearly designed to  you in the store longer . it is more difficult than necessary to find a  book as subject  is spread over several small sections in various aisles rather than in one  . i  the idea of wanting people to linger but it is so chaotic to find anything that in my case it has the  effect . there are a lot of books though will give you that.ntheir buy program is worse than any of the other bookstores . less than 5  of their half price resale not the original price . insulting . worst offers include a 40 brand new release hardbound for 50 cents hardbound new release still in the plastic for 75 cents and so on . save your books and sell at a garage sale seriouslyn nive been a frequent shopper at bookstores in  cities this one scores at the bottom for overall experience . any mom and pop is better .
__label__pos omg if you  a great burger there is  in comparison ... im  but i have been to so  places to  something different and i am always let down because i expect it to be better than fudruckers and it never is ... awesome   buns and  sauce for the fries ... its a must try..get the burgers medium to mediumwell never well done ... .late
__label__neg bad service seriously  everything else so much worse . nnwe had pretty bad service when we went in . my mom got a coffee but when she got it it was cold . we asked to get another and she seemed bothered about it but she brought it . i  and it was a tad warmer but not hot . my mom was complacent so i didnt mention again . nnwhen i asked what was good she shrugged and said she wasnt really sure . ok maybe not true but you could at least make a suggestion about what people order alot when my bf asked what a dish came with she didnt know that either . now that did bother me . but my bf didnt want me to say anything so we didnt . nnoverall  sucked . the food took foreverrrr to get out and my bf had to raise his  to get a refill of coke . how mortifying . he had to do the same for check . when it came time to clear table me and my mom started picking up with napkin and piling plates together . we typically do this but the waiterwaitress always jump in to help . this lady  just stood there and waited for us to  her job and pile it all up and go . how easy . nnfood was not good my chicken in chicken enchilada plate was dry . i only picked at it . my bfs fajitas were sizzling for about 5 min after plate came out . no joke . nnnever coming here again .  of timemoney
__label__neg  flavorless  meat ... . i got teriyaki   the  was tender and perfectly cook alas it was totally tasteless i got up to ask for more sauce and she handed me what i thought was vinaigrette but it was just the most watered down  sauce ever ... it was almost clear ... so then i asked for the sweet and sour sauce also almost  . my friend asked for the brown rice they wer e out of it but didnt tell her until they brought her food to the table . she also  the vgitarian bowl and it was frozen mixed veggies carrots broccoli and cauliflower with rice that was it for 7.00 and she said her veggies were still cold.. the pinapple on the plate was still green and totally unripe . the coconut icecream was good the grandmoms chocolate cake was still raw inside and seemed like very under cooked brownies.. i wouldnt waste your money here.. go somewhere else ...
__label__neg farnworth is a horrible  company . i finally moved largely to get out from under them . they wouldnt plant grass in front of the house i was renting or fix the gate or a ton of other things and whenever the city fined them for violations theyd turn around and fine me for it . i was usually able to  the fines since they were illegal and out of the lease but it always meant writing legalstyle letters back and forth visiting the tenant advocates office in phoenix etc . etc . so it was a tremendous waste of my time and they were beyond rude every time i contacted them.nnand then when it was finally time to move i deepcleaned the apartment to a ridiculous extent . i had exmilitary guys helping me and we cleaned it to beyond military standards . and farnsworth still kept my security deposit supposedly because i hadnt  the back yard even  it was clearly in the lease and in tenant  that it wasnt my responsibility . i  to sue them to return my  but their lawyers somehow got the case dismissed and i havent had time to start the process again . but the point is stay away from farnsworth at all cost you dont need the aggravation .
__label__neg first off id rate this course a 2.5 but there are no half ratings . ive played this course a few times over the past few years and this last experience really compelled me to write this review.nni arrived an hour and 15 minutes before my tee time walked into the pro shop and the staff was friendly . i know this place automatically tacks on a 3 charge for the gps on the carts but they never ask you if you want it or not . upon paying i said that i would like a small bucket of range balls and did not need the gps on the cart . once i mentioned the gps i got a smug look told my total and given my receipt . friendly happy staff when i walked in grumpy unwelcoming staff when i walked out . i was not directed where to go nor where to pick up range balls . lucky for me i remembered where the range was ... hidden at the end of the drive and around the back of the building.nni hit my range balls and walked to the starter . took him a good 30 seconds to at least acknowledge my  . after which he grabs my slip and  we dont have a cart for you yet and we wont until about 10 minutes before you tee off . i was like well  you buddy . i kept my composure and practiced putting . sure enough when the carts came around the corner it was time for us to tee off.nni failed to mention that this was a monday and i was shocked at how many people were out there . the  were paired properly and sent out on time . once we got out there we experienced wet conditions all around the front nine . this was a 216 tee time and it was still soggy . the greens were in good shape but the fairways were ok at best and the rough was a joke ... clumps of grass here and there bare spots and mud . nnthe pace of play was waaaayyyy too slow . each hole we were waiting around and started waiting for the group in front of us to tee off . on hole  we pulled up and there was one group driving off the tee another group behind them waiting and another group and then us my partner called to pro shop to ask if they could send someone out to see what was causing this backup and the response he got was just sarcasm and a what do you want me to do about it attitude . very unprofessional of course we never saw anyone check up on us . later on the beverage cart girl even mentioned that the pace was slow.nnnot only was the pace of play slow but the people who play here and what seems like regularly and the most  golfers ive ever dealt with . pulling up behind you while you are on your back swing then locking their brake on your downswing . come on constant chit chat and yelling when they are 1020 feet away from you on another hole and then driving up and passing as you are swinging.nnwe nearly cleared the front 9 in 2hr45min . after that it temporarily picked up but then came to a screeching halt again and sped up when people realized we were running out of daylight . we had to call it as we finished hole 16 and that was 4hrs and 15mins into our round . drove up to the cart return and after we got out of the cart and was unloading the kid asked up to pull  more . he came up to me as i finished packing and was unstrapping my clubs and he was kind of reaching over me to wipe down my clubs.nnwhat a poor experience . i wont be going back here for a while .
__label__neg i went into stinkeys to get my oil changed . ill give stinkeys a 5 star grade btw but this az carwash company can go to the  of an oil barrel and languish in there . stinkeys is also at that same address but they are a completely separate company doing oil change  . well they give out a free car wash with the oil change . this was my first time to stinkeys btw.nnso i said great . they took the car over there after the  change and they began cleaning it out . what i didnt know was that they were literally cleaning it out ie throwing away a new king james version of the bible throwing out a dog leash ceramic coffee cups a phone  important papers that i had in there and numerous other items . nni had not used this company for car washes before i did not expect them to simply throw things in the trash that any normal person would look at and say gee that probably isnt trash . i was still at stinkys so i wasnt paying attention to what they were doing . anyway i also paid them to clean the carpets . they gave me a discounted deal at 29.99. nni left there and left town shortly after that to go up to our property up north . only after i started looking for a dog leash did i realize that none of my belongings were anywhere in the car including the trunk . my bad yeah i dont think so . i probably should have  for the stuff i guess but i have never had that experience at other car washes . nni went back there the following monday and was prepared to go through their dumpster to find my stuff . oh yes i was especially to try and find the bible which my dad had  me . the manager took me to the dumpsters which had of course already been emptied . i demanded compensation . after taking my phone number he said he would call me back which he did not . i had to repeatedly call them back to eventually get a phone number for their corporate headquarters . joke . i left a message.nni got a call back half an hour later from the vice president who informed me that it never happened . what never happened he replies that your bible was thrown into the garbage . so you are calling me a liar that i never had all the things i said i had in my car that your personnel either threw out or took home nnthis story goes on too long . i am just going to end it by saying this place totally sucks . what kind of people throw bibles into trash cans or steal them unbelievable . i will go  to stinkys but those people at that carwash will not be touching my car again .
__label__pos got my windows  here right before summer . whew my bartender  the place i was informed of all of my different options prices  and even what might  best on my car while still preserving the integrity of its appearance the service was great and it was ready even ahead of  . the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable . their   is great . i would definitely recommend this  for tinting and alarm systems
__label__pos you know that holeinthewall mexicanchineseitalianindianetc place you love that has pretty solid  and reasonable prices the people are friendly and the decor is ... holeinthewallnnwell  aloha kitchen to the list as your holeinthewall hawaiian place . the are friendly relatively fast  for the beer budget and quite tasty indeed.nnlike a ripe pineapple ready to be eaten aloha kitchen  aloha kitchen ... i really have no idea where to go with the pineapple setup there . the  pineapple thing just seemed  to the hawaiian theme and oh well.nntry it youll like it .
__label__pos    but   of    . the bartender makes you feel right at home with a smile and is awesome . vaping at the bar with 5 worth of your selections from the touchtunes machine rocks .
__label__pos   have  chens     . that isnt to suggest that it isnt good . in fact it quite good . we were promptly seated and given menus . nnthe establishment is well kept and not too noisy . friendly service of the mom and pop shop gives the place a comfortable feel . appetizer soups came out only a minute after ordering and by the time we finished our cups of soup our hot meals were on the tablennthe pan fried noodles were a little on the salty side but tasted really good . the beef with snow peas was really good especially after adding some chili sauce which i asked for separately . portion sizes definitely worth the money and its relatively inexpensive anyways . nni would eat here over panda express any day better taste waiter service quieter and the personal touch of the owners running their business . thank you
__label__neg  location for a business trip . dated rooms . wiif is useless . could not park   my room . slept soundly . upon waking saw that i had a  for free breakfast . went to the restaurant in the  building . selection was extremely sparse but i figured that it was fine for a complimentary breakfast . got some bacon fruit and hash brown i mean really sparse selection . waitress approached me and told me bc i had chosen a hot item i would be charged an extra 6 i was amazed . i politely paid and left her a generous tip . the room was 190 alone for nothing  . ill have to check the best western down the  next visit to the area .
__label__neg our visit at this arbys was a joke the  of clowns  around 800pm on 060814 were as slow as snails and had the customer service skills of a piece of plywood . seemed that there was one cook  blonde girl cleaning the dining area and a shift manager named  . the shift manager continually stated ill be right with you again and again . at  it was understandable due to drive through orders but then she just stopped and started talking to the blonde girl giggling . when she finally got to us at the register she was rude and unprofessional sporting a look like we were inconveniencing her . after we gave her our order she didnt bother to  it back but instead gave me the total swiped my card and slammed down the receipt with a pen and said i need you to sign this . 15hr  the food was great but the service was insanely terrible and we will never go back .
__label__pos we stopped in for dinner my husband had the aah chi wa wa  and a cup of the tortilla soup . he loved them both i had a cup of the soup of the day which was a wonderful cream of mushroom and a half of chicken salad sandwich on a croissant . it was just yummy we also   rings as an appetizer really good but too  for two people not that we didnt eat them nni also took a  of their carrot cake home we had it today and it was  not the best  but 4 out of 5 stars.nnthe service is very friendly and  .
__label__neg okay this is hard for me but the service this time was bad  to warrant this . i have always been a fan of   . i have been eating here for five years perhaps a bit longer . today may keep me from going back . the food was great always is service was terrible . the server rushed us out as if our business was not important . before we were done eating he literally came to our table and said okay and picked up our plates . to be fair mine was empty but my fiance and my 2 year old  were not . that is totally unacceptable and it is not  we were there for an extended  of time around 20 minutes . to take my  year  lunch without asking when we are spending 25 at your establishment is not acceptable .
__label__neg okay here it goes ... this  get long winded but i swear it is a truthful and honest review so please read closelynni lived at lakeside formerly known as lakeside village for over 3 years through 2013 and i saw the old management company con am get bought out by another management company called madrona ridge . con am wasnt the best but things went downhill when madrona ridge took over.nnwhen i first moved here they were literally giving apartments away they were offering less than 500 per month for a 1 bedroom in a nice part of town with a lake view so it was a good deal . for the first 2 years there it was pretty solid the managers knew my name they cared about my problems and fixed anything i needed immediately im talking same day service . they were nice people . con am and the old managers were nice to me and actually tried to show customer service ... unlike the new management.nnaround the time madrona ridge took over things just got ratty . loud and creepy people started moving in bringing all of their loud and creepy friends with them . supposedly they have a no crime policy and wont rent to criminals yet the very loud and vocal neighbors loved to talk about their duis and jail time . a lot more weirdo people started showing up and walking around at night . i saw a drunk guy smash someones windshield in a fit of rage and sped off and someone did a nice hit and run on my car while it was parked ... and of course nobody picked up their dog poop ... at all . the landscapers didnt care to pick it up the maintenance guys didnt care so there it sat.nmadrona ridge promised all previous residents even better service than con am gave . i was wrapping up a lease when madrona ridge took over and they offered me an okay deal so i stayed . but right after they started to get sloppy and dissapoint . they hired the current girls who manage lakeside a few months later and their awful service started to show . nnthe current staff working here are  the slowest rudest most impersonal women around . these girls traci and lucinda are not right for this job . they are not friendly or easy to deal with at all when you have a question or concern they are not accommodating or welcoming no smiles just a bland i dont care attitude . if you do anything to displease them or make them think hard they will treat you like dirt . they also wont bother remembering your name or showing you any kind of human service theyll just call you hey or you . also if you have a problem or a concern be sure to just walk in and demand to talk because they dont listen to their voicemails or return phone calls . nn ive had problems with bugs repairs questions and rarely did they  a call or get anything moving unless you tell them again and again . in the early days when i needed something fixed conam would have it  in a day or two these girls will make sure it takes over a week if youre lucky . so either get good at fixing your own stuff or be prepared to wait because as these managers know you arent that important . seriously ... how hard is it to fake customer service at least try to remember someones name and care a little bit a fake smile anything helps especially in a sales position ... you kill more flies with honey than vinegar . fyi.nni left when they offered a renewal notice at the end of my lease they offered me a new lease agreement that was absurd and overpriced . the one bedrooms here are 600 square feet just tiny little run down apartments from the 1980s and they are now asking 725.00 per month ... that doesnt include taxes pet rent if you have em and utilities . so basically they are charging around 800 per month for a 600 sq . foot hole in the wall in an old crumby complex when you can go find a nice new cleaner mark taylor or other luxury apartment for only a few dollars more per month . uhhh yeah no thanks lakeside i did just that and found a better nicer newer place for only pennies more than here . nn do not believe the website it is totally false advertised . what you see online is not what you will get in person . what youll really see are outdated appliances from the 80s peeling paint popcorn ceilings cheap carpeting tiny closets and no storage space . nnlakeside used to be a lot better i used to  it at first and im grateful for the good times i had while it lasted . the management used to be nicer the  used to be cleaner and the prices used to be reasonable . this place has delusions of grandeur ... the managers think its a luxury complex and are charging people ridiculous  prices for run down ugly little apartments that are not worth their price tag and the service you get isnt worth a dollar . nnthe area is pretty  and the lake is pretty at night time there are nice walkways and some handy shops nearby but honestly look elsewhere if you want both quality and value .
__label__neg  i cant let my old review stand . i hope no one went there based on that  . idk what happened butttttttttttttttttttttttttt our food this last time was not good . nnthe  on my friends plate looked  dried out playdo . it was really gross to look at from across the table not gon na lie . and the lettuce on her plate was brown and wilty . i couldnt handle it.nn my food had this weird  and honestly ... .nneverything had a weird taste even my diet coke . we both agreed everything had a funny taste . idk what it was . i was sad bc last  my dinner was so amazing . i probably wont be going back for awhile . or ever i havent decided .
__label__pos red   is the best .  wednesday they have special priced menu where meals are 7.95 and kids  for 1.50. such a great deal and it is very filling . the food is   and hot when they sever you . bean dip and salsa with chips when u first arrive um im good .  recommend this place for any occasion .
__label__neg update remember the friend thand had eaten the food with a fly  today his wife just told me he has been going to the bathroom all day . i think he got food poison theyre going to be reported to the department of health chandler city and bbb.nnnnwe always eat here when we crave saigon pho . today was the last we  here . heres why .nnwe ate with 2 other families . one of the families got their order wrong . instead of apologizing the server kept pointing at the menu telling them that they got what they  . then my friend found a dead fly in his food . disappointed friend talked to another server about it . you know what the server said instead of simply apologizing she said you sit by the door so the fly must have gotten in and on your food . my friends wife said that the fly was already under the food . server replied no no no no she should have just apoligized so they could have  on . they even had the audacity to charge them for the plate with the dead fly . my friends paid for it anyways . i could tell that they were trying to get rid of us . the other server gave our check even though we were still eating . he kept coming back for it thinking i would put my card on the bill . later i  a server putting a shaved ice desert on our table . we didnt accept it . my friend said the damage has been  . all they needed was an apology but instead the rude server kept on with her attitude . finally the couple asked for the number of their manager . rude server was upset . these people need to learn about customer service and ethics . i never  reviews . when i do its something everyone has to know about .
__label__pos i am addicted to coffee . i know its a problem d buuut i wouldnt say im an expert . so excuse my own  of describing what i like and dont like . nnthe  here is the perfect strongness . the taste is perfect for me strong enough  being bitter and gross . they have a great variety of espresso drinks like mochas black and whites mint etc . all really good . the baristas have quite the showmanship . they are   and do some cool  as well nnthe atmosphere is okay . fine to study but not exactly cozy to  out . there is  wifi which is a plus .
__label__neg ive been shopping here for many years and this is a serious downgrade . it could be me but the last few times ive been here the items im used to buying they no longer carry . plus  seem more expensive . nthe most disappointing part is their customer service . it used to be when i couldnt find an  and would ask for help someone would go out of their way to help me and make sure i found what i was  for.nthe last few times i first  employees who looked unhappy and harassed when i asked for help . this last time the young man that helped me looked surly . like he didnt like me and im his costumer he showed me a gas stove to be used for  pot it was the last one and the case was broken . he glossed over this fact hoping i wouldnt notice . when i  out to him the case was broken he very unkindly told me that may be the case but nothing is wrong with the gas stove itself.nsigh ill probably still shop here as there are not very many options for asian  stores here in phoenix but i wont be walking in and out of there with a smile  i used to
__label__pos the  sushi in  .  in the   area.nnshimogamo is a quiet sushi location in a strip mall . the interior has just a few tables and is very peaceful . hurry is not the name of the game here bring a friend that you really like and have some great conversation while you enjoy the easy going but very pleasant service.nnyou wont taste ice on your fish here and its one of the few places i feel comfortable eating  in the desert .
__label__pos i work at a doctors office and scott  us with prescription pads business cards road signs you name it we have always been happy with the outcome of our products . they have managed to take a few words on paper and even  up design ideas . i  recommend these guys for any   . nwe recently had an error on a prescription pad order . scott took  the order  it and  it free the same day . awsome
__label__pos i just  to hug that sweet little old man who runs the front . so nice.nnthe orange chicken is delicious . were also a big  of the teriyaki ... portion sizes are pretty  but  never  around in the fridge for long . the sauce is great though.nnthe decor is plain but i  theyre trying to update it a  ... the location is a little sketchy . but the food definitely makes up for it.nndefinitely a chandler  .
__label__neg although i agree with  of other reviews about this place being clean offering alternatives like rebuilt  for repairs and so on in the last 6 months their prices have gone up at least 10 they no longer offer any coupons to returning customers not even on oil  and theyve hired a lady for the front office . so it  that their success was gained at the cost to their customers . i too have gotten quotes from them on services that i can find elsewhere for on average 15 less . lastly the owner needs to stay away from the customers . i needed a ride to and from their shop about 6 months ago which by the way they advertise as a free service . i live less than 2   from the  . when i was at the desk paying for my repairs he had to add very  that they had given me the free rides . maybe thats why they hired the woman for the front desk . personally jim was much more knowledgeable and a better csr .
__label__pos i used to visit ajs only for the sweets joseph schmidts truffles gourmet  cheesecakesbombes napoleons cannolis gourmet cookies and the cheese department . noticed philippines san miguel  available here too at least they were last year . laloos goatmilk ice cream used to be  here but todays  yielded none in the aisles . ive always wanted to try their hot foods but it was only tonights dinner that appealed to me salmon with stuffed crab w a white cheese cream sauce . sides were an awesome scalloped potatoes w bacon and cream sauce and very drylooking honey  carrots . thinking id have dinner elsewhere i asked only to sample the potatoes and they were so delicious next time plans be daned if ajs serving anything crabstuffed and those scalloped potatoes im definitely going to  therennother than for the specialtyfood counters you wont catch me shopping here ... too expensive better to shop at whole foods ... products are lessexpensive many are organic and you wont find anything with transfats
__label__pos  food.nnlunch buffet.nnrice pudding.nnnuff said .
__label__neg dont do it . . .nnthis quality inn is  but quality . rooms are  . . internet does not work . at all and they have 4 different routers . when you ask the front desk about it they tell you to try to reach one of the other motels internets or maybe  donalds . told them nicely that it was bad the said youve not stayed here before . nnrooms were very small and not ready when we arrived at 6 pm at night . chair at desk had broken casters explained to managment about it wasnt taken care of . when i went to shower the second night there i opened the  towel to dry off and it looked like it had been used to polish  . after speaking to three fellow coworkers about the experence they stated that thier towels were the same way . . . nni guess it all hotels in the  area were booked and i had to work in the area again . . . id stay again if i didnt have a sleeping bag for my truck .
__label__pos i hadnt been to this location in a  time and ended up  why i dont  here more often . probably the calories but the  was really good i had the buffalo chicken strips and ordered a side of  potatos . made my own  my daughter had the louisianna chicken pasta and it was really good . i love their white chocolate raspberry swirl cheesecake . they also have the best blue cheese dressing i have ever had and they do sell it to go . i usually pick one up once in a while and use it on salads and veggies . they do have a new skinny menu with reduced calorie items but it is just so hard to pass up the other really good menu items the menu can be a little  but is well organized once you  it out
__label__neg i go to this location alot and  i did not have a good experience . grabbed a couple books and tried to find a table to sit in the cafe but no seating area open at the moment . so i sat on a book aisle . about 20 mins later a staff came by and told me i couldnt sit on the aisle . i told her the reason i sat on the floor was because there was no seating . would i really want to sit on the floor unless i had to i didnt catch the ladys name but she was an older lady . must be having a bad day or something . but i always sit on the floor when there are no seating and no one has ever  me to move . she walked over to the cafe and try to direct me over and  to a couple open tables . it was sort of rude so i dropped off the books that i planned to  and left the  . i  a bunch of people in each aisle standing and reading and she didnt  to have a problem with that . i  this location with 1 star due to the staff being rude .
__label__neg what a mess . this place used to be so good on customer service . but now it is like they dont even care . my wife wanted to see the new kindle fire . they were working on the display . a worker grabbed one to show my wife . this old shrew of a woman yelled nooo and took it back .  my wife seeing it for  seconds was some security  .  to this we found out they dont  loaner phones when you are getting your  worked on . they are also adding deductibles back to their plans . so basically there is no reason to go there over your local verizon . the  is just a mess and the employees are apathetic . they wont answer questions . they dont get trained anyway . i for see them being out of operation within 5 years
__label__neg did i really just pay 13.29 for this pathetic sandwich the prime rib dip looked so good on the menu but what showed up at my table was a weak dried up little sandwich with no flavor chewy overcooked  and served on what was nothing more than a tiny  oversized breadstick.nnour waitress annie while pleasant enough seemed unconcerned with the fact that i only took one bite out of this sandwich before pushing it aside and did not want a to go container . i dine out a  and this was possibly the worst most overpriced thing ive been served in a  time.nnthe game day nachos were almost equally sad . at 8.99 they came with just a  of chips and the same gross cheezwhiz style sauce you squirt on your nachos at the local 711. disgustingnnthe rest of my party seemed ok with their burgers even though my son ate less than half of his and also did not want a to go container.nnat 65 for 3 people 78 with tip this was a completely dissatisfying and overpriced meal .
__label__neg while the quality of the food is good the priority of the kitchen really  you wonder at how they even function at times . while our visit was on a week night and when it really wasnt all that busy they still somehow managed to   orders that were no more complicated than ours ... for people that ordered after us . nni had a half sandwich with salad and her with a bowl of soup . how complicated is that seriously the person taking the orders needs to focus on just that and not try to help the bus staff . nnthis was disappointing to say the least and  was an isolated incident . then again most likely not.nnupdatenni have received a very nicely worded and very sincere email from one of the founders relating to our visit . we have  about this visit in question and i am satisfied with the end result . as such i have amended my review from two stars to three.nnupdate to updatennas of today 22 dec 14 i have yet to receive any further contact as it related to my initial review despite replying both via yelp and a direct email as requested . as such my review goes back down to   . pretty disappointed  how promising the initial contact seemed to be . we definitely will not be going back now
__label__pos this restaurant serves really good mexican  at reasonable prices . the location and  are  and make it  like a really  restaurant without the high prices . the service is almost always topnotch and prompt . my  from the  menu  be the enchiladas .
__label__pos my     and corn bread .   or outdoor seating . nmany times i have called in for take out food there for dinner parties and have never been disappointed . the food holds great in chaffing dishes and the   is terrific for dinner parties . cut it into four pieces and place in a linen covered bowl to keep warm and moist . reheats fabulously .
__label__neg um . . .no . nnhonestly im in a major snit about this place . i expected something a lot better than what we found here . things seemed pretty good to startfood looked tasty . didnt take long for problems to begin showing up nnfirst off my wifes lomein was pretty darned lo . the first time she went here several days ago they used the normal wide noodle that you would usually find in lomein . this time they used round noodles . were they chinese chow mein noodles no they were vermicelli . yes im being a bit picky there but im just getting started . my wife ordered the lomein with no garlic onions or shallots . the problem was they left out most of the other vegetables as well when the bowl came to the table . there was the occasional carrot or broccoli sliver but very few veggies at all . i called the waiter over to the table and informed him of the situation . my wife told him that she just wanted to  a bowl of extra veggies to add to the lomein . he took away the lomein that she had and said that he would be back shortly . when he returned he came back with two bowlsone had the vegetables she  for and the other was a brand new bowl of lomein with tofu and noodles only . uh what the fck why replace the noodles she had with this and then send in a separate bowl of veggies why not either give my wife back her old bowl along with the veggies or just mix up a  new batch with the veggies nnmajor issues hereeven what she got after all that wasnt very good tasting . my wife had to add soy sauce for extra flavor and the vegetables werent freshthey obviously  like they were frozen before they were put into the wok.nnmy food wasnt much better in terms of quality . i had the vegetable and tofu  rice . there was no issue with the quantity of veggies but they too were of the from your grocers freezer variety . the rice was chalky and undercooked and i also had to add soy sauceit didnt do much to improve the flavor.nnour spring rolls were also inferior and even the fortunes in the fortune  were as superficial and vapid as the food we ate . i liked the friendly table service and the soda machine that allowed you to flavor the soft drinks any way you like was cool . this is what made this review two  instead of one . but would i recommend pei wei to anyone no wei . if you want a real asian diner go to totts asian diner at ray and mcclintock . now thats fresh food and a world of difference over pei wei . even panda express is better than this place .
__label__pos i had always sworn off chiropractors . i think it was the popping sounds that make me nervous . i decided to go to cottingham who was recommended by a coworker as a way to lure in my fiance who was in constant pain . i gave cottingham 4  as this is my first experience and i really had nothing to compare it to . but i do think jeff is a 5 star guy . on your first visit he will do an exam and take xrays . on your second return he will go over the xrays and plan of care . being in the medical  i think  is very good about explanations and helping you understand  visually and  . his knowledge comes  and made me feel more comfortable with the   . i didnt feel he was trying to push me into any unnecessary treatment plan . im just sorry i waited so long .
__label__pos i am from the east coast and am used to dive bars being a certain way but this one is truly unique in that there are peanut shells littering the floors . as i sat there eating the roasted peanuts and waiting for my food to arrive i felt uneasy dumping my shells onto the floor . i said to my friend omg littering is okay here and i do not know how i feel about this . nnso after my initial shock of dropped  shells and the first bite of my sueruben and the country  performers on stage creating a nice atmosphere i started to get into the groove of things . throwing your shells on the floor can actually be quite liberating lolnni am a foodie and i must say that i was impressed with their take on the turkey ruben . it was not as yummy as some of the places that make turkey rubens in nj or nyc but it truly did come in second for my taste buds . nnmy friends wings were a little bland and the  sauce that he ordered on the  was not that appealing . maybe i need to try more of their wings  time since everyone seems to love them but i am a  at times.nnthe service was amazing and they had great drink specials although i did not partake because i had been drinking  at rnr in scottsdale and my stomach needed a rest.nngo here for a great countrylike setting  sandwiches good service and nice drink specials . i will be back .
__label__neg worst mcdonalds experience ever . rude ignorant  behind the counter the general manager  right next to him gm said nothing did nothing about the rotten employee . no greeting just a dead  stare i asked for a meal he said in a low negative antagonistic  what about it like he was picking a fight.ni realize minimum wage gets minimum effort employees but wow mcdonaldsni will never go to this location ever again.noh yeah twice  got tea that tasted like chemicals like it was dish water seriously and on   occasions .
__label__pos ticket  fairly quick .  had  of   average for movie theaters .  seats .  and  .
__label__neg i would give no stars but since i had to give one one is all they get . after working with the loan department i have  to pull our money and move our mortgage . we were approved for our refinance and then canceled at the last minute once they found out i was working a contract job . we have been a 20 year  of a customer currently have our mortgage with them and never have defualted .  i was laid off work like 12 of america but have managed to keep working a contract  . the contract jobs out here in california usually run for three months at a time and after each quarter they extend them . i have been at my job since august 2011 and i am due to be  at the end of june . however they  this as a reason not to go through with our loan . you think bank of america would want to help us make it easier to get through the economy crisis . just to let you know i am speaking about the loan department in chandler arizona . not only did they take forever to get the paperwork done they called and told us to return documents as soon as possible so that our approved loan will get completed . we were told we could  the paperwork while we were on vacation but never heard anything . got home and found out they canceled our  . never will i use this bank . their commitment to customer service sucks .
__label__pos  an authentic taco  in az reminds me of home  home chicago . all the staples are there ... 2   cabbage red   ... .they even have  beef ... a rarity in these parts . couldnt be happier d
__label__pos love this    something different for food and  ive had has been  but the real  i  here  wabo margarita yummy
__label__pos ill admit up front liberty  is my all time favorite restaurant and i love it . spent a lot of time and money there . they even allowed us to have our  rehearsal  for our wedding there and it was fantastic.npros everything . food is greatalways . people are greatalways . they are friendly attentive and enjoy being alive . my favorite dish the   ... highly recommend it . its fabulous . breakfast is  great here.nonly thing you could  about is it gets  busy but thats what happens to good restaurants.nthis is a mustvisit restaurant ... might become your favorite too
__label__pos liberty market is my favorite place to get brunch in the area . ive had a handful of items off the menu but by far my favorite two items are the french toast and the breakfast burrito . nnfirst the french toast . they have a different take on it so it is actually bread pudding . its moist sweet  being too  and def some of the best french toast ive ever had . its pretty much flawless . nnnext the breakfast burrito . im  not a huge fan of breakfast burritos but this baby is def a winner . the sauces on top are far from bland and are what make the burrito so good . of  the meat and potatoes inside add a lot but the sauce is what truly makes it so spectacular . nnive had a couple of other items off the menu such as the sandwiches breakfast and lunch  and  velvet cake but none are to rave about . however if i was  to add another item to my meal itd be the cinnamon bun .  its quite large and only tastes good while warm .
__label__pos  .    of my  huge   drinks and fairly priced . its become the new place i like to show friends that visit from out of town . the biggest turn off about this restaurant in the past is the  line i always see when i drive by but i went on a sunday morning and there wasnt even a wait . just have to pick the right days i guess .
__label__neg    .    cooking and   .
__label__neg several friends and i drove from surprise az to the annual peach festival at  farms . we have done this many times but this was the last time we will ever attend . the first obstacle was the slow moving traffic on  road causing us to creep along for 45 minutes to complete the last 2 miles of the trip . there were 5 sheriffs police cars there but they seemed to do nothing to help . we got in finally and for the first time did not have to wait long to have our pancake breakfast . we then tried to buy peaches but that was almost impossible they only brought in peaches from the orchard every 12 hour to sell . we had to wait in  in the direct sun and there was only one cashier for a crowd of hundreds . the  had one cashier too . no  or  . we were so  we are never going back again . this festival has been going on for years why was it so poorly organizednn we  down to the queen creek olive mill and enjoyed the air conditioning a cool beverage and bought several items .
__label__pos great place playground train rides were inexpensive museums had wonderful   trains  snacks building and grounds were   .  for birthday parties and picnics .  day for  .
__label__neg decided to stop by here for the first time last week for a quick fix . im not sure if this was an isolated incident but this was not up to par with the consistency that i would expect eating at any other golden arches restaurant . in fact both my big mac and my girlfriends were surprising dry im sorry but the secret sauce was not enough to save them to top it off we order combos and they really skimped out on the fries the french fry containers were not overflowing full as im used to getting from other mickey dees . nnalso since they were new and for a limited time and  the man upstairs for that we tried out the mcbites instead of our usual  only to find ourselves in utter disappointment . the mcbites were  dry and very  with very  meat to be found . they were more like fried batter that were sitting too long under a  lamp . im not sure if id ever give this location a try again there were just too many strikes in one instance . moreover we went through the drivethru so its not like we couldve complained to the manager if we ate inside . overall this was a bad first impression at this location .
__label__neg i dont know how this place got a 4star average . we showed up later in the evening but they were still open and seating . out of  rolls one was good . the other three were pretty disgusting . they were made sloppily everything had  of mayo and not enough spice . they smash up the salmon for their spicy salmon which leads me to believe its not very fresh and it makes for a very mushy texture.nnthe miso  was good at least ... nnanyway they  on the bright lights and started stacking chairs before we had finished paying . sorta rude . as a server who has worked in restaurants for a long time i think that if you take tables until 930 you should expect to properly wait on them until they are finished .  close earlier and dont take the table.nnim  going back here ew .
__label__neg this place was recommended to me so i decided to  it out . big  . i tried their jampong soup and it was the worst jampong and worst soup i have ever had . the noodles werent fresh ... infact they tasted  they had been frozen for 5yrs too long . extremely mushy and not edible . the soup was  and was not proper jampong soup . i think they mixed a  sauces together with water and called it jampong . the seafood and beef were  and the shrimp that was in the soup wasnt  properly . please do us all a  and take this so called jampong soup off your menu .
__label__neg  me   food.placed was packed.steak was  and french fries cold.service was fine .
__label__neg what a terrible experience . i love houstons and there are very few restaurant chains that i can say that about . i look forward to going to a houstons any time i can . we went into this one on a  evening february 21st of this year . it was later in the evening but we were just going to have a drink at the bar and perhaps a snack . we walked in and the place was jumping . luckily there were a few seats  at the bar where we saw one of the bartenders just serving entrees as we arrived . we were met by a female bartender blonde who stopped us in our tracks to say sorry we are closing and so  serving . again the place was packed and people were still waiting for their dinners i  the difference between stopped seating vs stopped serving she was so fricking rude that it has stuck with me these past four  we  we were just looking to have a drink and maybe a  but couldnt even get the sentence out before she shut us down again . clearly she had after work plans or took a cranky pill but one this is clear she should not be behind the bar at this or any other decent restaurant she has a very bright future down at the dmv however . thanks for trying to  our evening ms sunshine
__label__neg we used to have a storage unit with storage max . storage max has an extremely rude  from our  . they do not accept credit  and will only accept checks or cash . so do not   of  up an automatic payment plan . also be aware that your  may be exposed to some dust from dust storms as ours were . which never happened in our previous experiences from renting storage units.nnthe prices are the cheapest you can find in scottsdale and the saying was true to us  you get what you pay for .
__label__neg the hotel is in the best possible location for walkable restaurants and  rd . is the heart of everything . if feels like a hilton the ambassador james should be awarded the nobel peace prize for being himself and the concierge is just as kind . n the spa was small but accommodating . the jr. suite on the second floor is spacious and the bed is just what the doctor ordered . sleep was sound and comfortable ac not loud and the creaky ceilings reported in previous reviews was not a problem.nnive placed the trouble part down here where management will read it but most yelpers wont bother so this is your gim me managersnnthe  we noticed a wet funky smell coming from the hallway and the buckled carpets implied a water problem and after returning from a day hiking we noticed our room smelled like old cheese . we reported the problem to the front desk and she offered a similar room on the bottom floor sans funky smell but it wasnt the same . then she  to have maintenance come up and spray the room . this is the comment that prompted 2 stars . you dont offer to spray a room that a customer has willingly paid 200 a night for three nights nn hilton you can do better than this or maybe youve changed your protocol for pursuing the gold standard with people like james in the  and tom in the wellness center why skimp on the training for the front desk on monday night suggestion give the staff the authority to proactively explain why the  is buckled and smells  old sewer and beg our pardon with anything positive perhaps a breakfast or a  on the next stay or even god forbid an upgrade to a nicer room that is unoccupied for the next few nights . nnthat extra bit of training  have been worth it and an extra 2 stars
__label__pos my  and i have lived here for  3 years now and we are staying put for a while . nnthe community is small but we love that about miramonte . most neighbors are very friendly and the grounds are always kept tidy . the pool area is beautiful and very relaxing offering a fire pit and cabanas . we love  as often as we can the fitness room may be small but it gives you enough to sweat and  . nnthe neighbors most anyway are always friendly . parking is never a problem in the 3 years weve been there only twice has our parking spot been taken . when it is we ask nicely for it to be moved and it gets moved . nnmaintenance is incredible super  and very friendly . the front  staff is also very friendly and helpful . nnwe have a small dog and 4 year old and we love it here . its the perfect little place for us and we recommend it to anyone . we do face hayden  but noise isnt too bad . in the mornings you can sometimes here the band at saguaro high school play and im sure the neighbors facing pueblo  hear the giggles screams and running of small kiddos but other than that we have no complaints
__label__pos needed a quick bite in scottsdale so i  the yelp app and swung by this place . i was a little  aback by the  but once we got inside it was  but goodness . we had the pizza hoagie with potato salad . amazing . the  salad was nice and tangy with no celery just the way i like it . the pizza hoagie  with a  amount of cheese and delicious tomato sauce.nnstaff was super friendly and  . definitely a keeper.nncash only
__label__pos  breakfast and  .    . the  squeezed  juice was 
__label__pos     .     up tasty fresh food
__label__neg  pasta and  garlic bread ...   the  yet ni couldve just as easily made a  and   way more worth while not going to be lazy about it again smh
__label__neg service here sucks.ni  the  still.nnbut the service is so bad i never want to come back.nhonestly.nnsorry zinc yall need to get new servers or some shit . awful  . awful management .
__label__pos as soon as i walked into arrivederci in scottsdale i felt welcomed.nnthe cute bustling italian restaurant was cozy but elegant with lots of chatter and linencovered  and the staff at the door and servers were superfriendly . the spot is locally owned with a second location in ahwatukee and my pal and i got a nice table in the corner of the restaurant to enjoy the  italian food at.nnwe both liked how there were wine racks dividing the main dining area from the  area and there were pretty paintings covering the walls while the restaurant glowed in a soft yellow light . our server was excellent and professional and id say its a great date place if youre in the area.nnwe started with the portobello reganato con fontina 8.95 a mushroom topped with cheese . our server said it was one of their most popular appetizers and i can see why it was plenty of food for two people to split and had a ton of cheese . the mushroom was really juicy and brought a healthier aspect to the dish and i really enjoyed it.nnour meals came with freshly baked bread and i ordered ravioli caprese gratinati 14.95. it was a pretty traditional cheese ravioli and nothing really stood out to me about the dish  my companion really liked the fresh tomato sauce it was  in . the pasta was thick but a great consistencythere wasnt anything wrong with it but ive just had more memorable meals.nnmy guest got the vitello madeira con porcini 18.95 which was  covered in a mushroom wine sauce and served with pasta . he said he would have preferred a cream sauce instead which is totally available to you but he really liked the veal.nnfor dessert we had the  chocolate tiramisu the spot offered . it was a giant slab of my favorite dessert and it tasted pretty heavenly . definitely get it if you go herei could have eaten the whole thing myselfnnmy favorite part about dining at arrivederci was definitely the atmosphere and the service . i love places that  you feel at home and arrivederci certainly does that with zero pretentiousness from the staff and i also appreciated the casual elegance vibe the place had . not to mention im still dreaming of that dessert .
__label__neg i was up there last week with a group of friends and volunteered to be the designated driver for the night . it was a 5 cover to hear the house band which was no biggy and then i asked for a diet coke which was another 3. again no problem paying for the diet coke . after about 30 minutes and some dancing i  up to the bar for a refill of the diet coke expecting the refill to be free . the bartender told me it would be another 3. i mentioned that i was the responsible one for a table full of people drinking and that i thought the point was not to encourage drunk driving and to encourage people being responsible . well that got me nowhere so i asked for a glass of water  . i was told that the bartender couldnt give me water because it was a  drink minimum to get water.nnnow its july in az and i had been dancing . we had a table full of people drinking and ordering their drinks from this same bartender who cant give me a glass of water . really i dont mind paying the cover and the cost of the first   im not being cheap but the point is that most  appreciate and take care of the designated driver . i was being responsible and they couldnt  give me a glass of waternnreally
__label__neg total rip off . i went into the store for a price quote on a new motor and some replacement cartridges and they gave me a reasonable price but when i called them to come out to do the work they charged me an extra 15 on the cartridges then what they had quoted they would  . the repair man also did not bring the replacement motor that was ordered so he could charge me for an extra 45 minutes while he  back to the store to get the motor he had forgotten . i was also told that the new motor would come with a new pump housing in the original  which it did not . when i called to ask the manager about the pricing he was immediately standoffish and hostile . i couldnt  that they treat their customers this poorly . the repairman had done about 25 minutes of work and they  me 210.00 dollars in labor alone not to mention a price increase of about  for all the parts quoted . for about  more bucks i could have replaced the entire system . i would advise anyone looking to have their pool serviced to go else where and avoid this  company .
__label__neg i am actually shocked to find a good  of this store.nni have never  more uncomfortable going anywhere . nstopped in while my boyfriend was getting his oil changed as i heard great things about the store and actually have sent people to it nni walked in and they asked me to set my drink down on the  i have absolutely no problem with that as i know it is not actually their merchandise and they need to protect their consignors pieces from not  stained . but as i walked around i could see them watching me and my boyfriend  he was  and would wait outside . he came back in to grab me since his oil change was done and the sales associate asked me what are you looking for or are you just looking . in a tone that suggested i wasnt welcome . i then told her i had heard good things about her store and had always wanted to stop in . no response.nnthe store has a musty smell the  while some were nice most were outdated.nnthe reason for the  stars her jewelry . she does a great job at displaying jewelry . nncustomer service none . had she been more welcoming i would have ignore the musty smell and dated pieces .
__label__pos ive been to the mortons in the biltmore  several times and just loved it .  every time . so when the boyfriends mom wanted a steak dinner for mothers day of course our first choice was mortons . although we shouldnt have strayed from the biltmore location.nnim surprised people are saying the food here is not good . i think its really good . im giving this mortons 4 stars because every bit of our food was delicious . their shrimp appetizer is the best shrimp ive ever had their filet mignon is always cooked to perfection and if you add their sauteed mushrooms to it it is simply divine . we also indulged in their chocolate cake which is  very tasty.nnthe reason im only giving 4 stars and not 5 is because of the service we got . from the very beginning our server seemed distracted and rushed . when she was giving the presentation she kept looking away like there was something more interesting going on somewhere else . i know you have the script memorized but that is just rude . look at us when youre talking to us throughout the meal she would race by and walk  before we could even answer if everything was okay . i was very disappointed in her lack of attention.nnthis location also feels much more casual than biltmores . i guess im old fashioned but when i go out for a steak dinner i get dressed up . many people here were in khaki shorts and polos.nnnext time were craving a mortons steak well be heading back to the biltmore location where they know how to give excellent service every time .
__label__neg so over rated . nim from  francisco i have high standards for my sushi . ni   subpar fish in a place that tries to lookact swanky . nthis reminds me of a  date spot oh wait it isnni  my secret spot in  for better prices fresher  and more attentive  .
__label__pos i recently moved down the street from havana and i had heard great things . nive dined here a few times now and the food is amazingnmy favorites are the frituras de frijoles negros  bean frittersavocado dip and camarones havana . so goodnthe mojitos are really good too . nthe only problem with havana is the speed of service . the servers are always  but things take forever to get to the table . even my mojito  20  last time.ni will continue to come here for the killer  but dont come if you are on any type of schedule starving or really thirsty ... it will  awhile .
__label__neg  outdated decor  high prices with service that does not match so so food . went here on a recommendation and because they have home made gluten free pasta . sorry we did . our  was very proud of the fact that he knew we were gluten free and knew how to take care of us . i reminded him again when salads were ordered . mine came with a breadlike object on top and when questioned he said its a cracker stick like that was okay . when i picked up the bowl and handed it back to him he started to remove the crumbly stick like that would now make my contaminated salad gluten free . then the crumbs fell into my daughers caprese salad so both had to be reordered . my daughters dish was not correct nor was her pasta side so they remade the pasta . gluten free pasta can not be al dente but this was . i found a piece of non gluten free pasta mixed in with mine  me to suspect they make the gluten free with the regular pasta . dirty  were not removed in a timely  nor were water glasses  . just an odd outdated place . felt like i was  in jersey without the good food .
__label__neg   .    .   . 
__label__neg why do people go to olive garden why did i go here todaynsimple answer with force . ni had to go where a member of the family chose to go . i havent eaten here in about 8 years . many reasons which were  tonight.npasta was mushy . the famous  actually had decent flavor but was  in  . breadsticks were a bit hard and tasted like buttered white bread . fish was breaded but  tasting .  was not so good . didnt like the cheese . to sum up the  meal it was like heating up a t.v .  .
__label__pos over labor day  i went to home depot looking to start a remodel on my kitchen . i needed to  with a new refrigerator stove and microwave . my last experience with sears made me promise myself i would never  another thing from them . nnwell ... i had a fantastic experience at the mt . view  in scottsdale wes our salesman made good points on the items i was  at . no  and he took a lot of time with me . great experience and when the delivery was made the men that delivered were good  everything up . home depot you have my business .
__label__neg  i    stars.nncalled  to verify they were open for business was told that everything was warming up but yes they were open.nnarrived at 936 left at 1001.nnmy gf waited at least five minutes to be seated while i went to use the restroom.nnalso your waitress took my gfs order and brought drinks but never came back to the table after i came out of the restroom . and my gf said the waitress wasnt even in her uniform yet and changed after she took the order.nnnever received the appetizer never had my order taken.nnseriously get some softer fucking toilet paper and paper towels . thats a really chickenshit way to make more profit .
__label__neg had cousinssubs for  tuesday.nnthe  at the  was very nice and gave me the combo price for a bag of chips even though i didnt buy them at the same time.nnthat being said the 2for5 sandwiches were not anything remotely approaching a  value.nnthe floor had visible mop streaks likely from alreadyfilthy water the  were sticky there was a large collection of baskets on  of the trash can.nni would not return here unless there was nothing  available .
__label__pos  words italian  garlic bread . scrumptious . the  is a decent value if you get the large and share . average  shop decor . super friendly grey haired ownermanager as  as the one  employee who i swear has been there forever . always forget to  a coupon . i see them in airpark  .
__label__pos  the cozy  in winter uncrowdedclassy  flaminco dancers waterslide beach pool  of jacuzzis friendly  relaxing couches
__label__pos nice to meet the  new ownersngood lentil soup and good coffeenwe will be backnalways  to  a   ownernshe is supportive of writers visiting to writenyahooni will send my women writers friends in  society of women writers
__label__neg if i could give it a zero i would . time was i would have given it a four star rating mainly because of the courtyard right outside of the suites . however ... . they have recently changed the management team and much of the staff . the  staff and management are unbelievably rude and nasty we used to stay there while in  i mean for 2 to 6 months at a time yes that  . mainly because they do take dogs and our dogs liked the courtyard area . this last time i had numerous run ins with the staff i.e . one morning the guy next to me left his alarm on when he left . at five a.m. the front desk refused to go shut it off saying they didnt want to disturb him if he was still there . im like if hes still there hes dead because the alarm is really loud . they would not call him knock on his door or anything . finally at 7 am i asked housekeeping and they said theyd take care of it . nope . finally at 8 a.m. i found someone to shut the alarm off . another time my dog and i  sick after being in the grass there . i asked if they spray pesticides or herbicides there . they assured me they dont . a week later i see a maintenance guy walking around with a can of herbicides getting ready to spray . so i call the manager to complain about being lied to and to  what the story is . she would not  my calls . not only that but if you complain about anything the employees will all gather around you and give you dirty looks to try to intimidate you . another time i could not find anyone to take my dirty towels and give me clean ones . so i went into the laundry area and called out . nobody . so i dropped some of my towels off . then a man rushed in and demanded to know what im doing in there . uh stealing dirty towels yeah right . he was really nasty and lectured me . this place  to be very customer oriented . not anymore . considering it isnt all that anyway id pass it by and go elsewhere . even next door to many of the other customer oriented places . also the clientele is getting more and more questionable . i had crack addicts stay next to me for a  last time . and they let their employees live there so its like a soap opera with their kids running around unattended and moms and dads fighting and having the police out .
__label__pos this       are   friendly people ho work here
__label__pos i worked here for a short  three years back and just  fell im love with everything about it . the playing music from the40s50s very much like the frank sinatra era . it always reminds me of a back east eatery except they have a wonderful  patio life . they have wonderful flavored salad that are gigantic they could feed probably three hungry girls they have a very large wine list and a full  . you can also place reservation for large parties . i would even recommend that you place a reservations if its thursday  or saturday because the wait can be very long if you just show up . they do serve a chicago style pie pizza which is to die for they do slices of pizza if youre trying to  light or cheap during the lunch hour . and everything is literally made fresh with very  quality . the only thing that ever makes me sad here is that the ladies restroom only has one stall ... .. other than that there is absolutely nothing to complain about the price  is right the locations are great the atmosphere is welcoming and it doesnt matter if its just you or a party of 30 it is a great choice for dining out as well as pick up
__label__neg   good   business ethics . filing in small   this  . lets get ready to 
__label__neg mimis is one of those restaurants that you  to like more.nni say that because the execution is somewhat lacking . we have been coming here on and off for five years now . its the coupons in the sunday paper or the email club that draw us in . the pictures of the food look really good . but its just okay . nnone piece of advice for management would be to ease up on the salt . neither of us have sodium issues but we would suspect that after coming here enough we would . the gravy or sauce on our last visit was so bad we were scrapping it off the food.nnalso time moves more slowing at mimis . maybe its the lack of exterior windows but it feels like im in a casino buffet room . its   be the somewhat  crowd who just  chats and just drinks coffee . i do not believe its the staffs fault they seem to hustle around the place refilling drinks etc . but it would be hard to  what  of day it is here.nnsorry
__label__neg ive been patronizing mimis for over 30 years and i am sad to report that they have finally reached their lowest point at least at this location . i have always been a big fan of mimis but this latest visit for a  breakfast on a sunday morning was the most disappointing visit ever . after almost a 20 minute wait we were finally seated even though the restaurant did not appear to be full . the young girls who were taking names and seating customers didnt seem to know what they were doing . despite giving  one of those ridiculous  devices with flashing red lights they came outside at least twice looking for someone they could not find . nnthe biggest disappointment was the cost of our breakfast dishes for what we  . we each ordered a mimosa with a low end sparkling wine which cost almost 8 each . my wife ordered their bacon apple waffles which were very good and tasty but there were only 3 tiny waffles about the diameter of a tennis ball . . . completely bare and accompanied by the tiny cup of syrup with chopped apples and bacon bits . i have a french variation of eggs benedict which was also  tasty but pricey for two small poached eggs on some seasoned mashed potatoes and spinach.nnour server was efficient but somewhat intense and not very personable . even the carpet in the dining area appeared dirty and unkempt . just not a great experience . probably wont  to any mimis for some time because they have definitely lost their edge and reputation as an upscale value chain restaurant.nnalthough i am a budding senior citizen my wife is not im beginning to feel out of  at mimis which is often populated by a sea of white hairs and snow birds who dont seem to mind their mediocre high priced fare set in a  of disneyesque french atmosphere . it just doesnt resonate with me anymore and it doesnt feel at all upscale middle of the road like it used when they first opened restaurants in so cal where i used to live .
__label__neg    .   . careless   and out . i wont be back
__label__neg i  to go to the holiday skate public session at noon . im a figure skater and wanted to have some fun on the ice no tricks just something to loosen my muscles and have a good time . i expected plenty of kids and families but nothing i cant navigate around . nni arrived early to catch the good ice however it was already  snow . did a couple rounds but became irritated and a little frightened at the  madness . nnno staff was on the ice to keep at least some order to things . i figured during your busiest hour theres literally not one staff member to keep unsupervised children going in the right direction many  items were on the rinksuch as girls holding their purses while attempting to skate . entire large families were holding hands on the rink completely blocking the way ... only to stop and take photos right in the middle of the ice . groups of people were standing around oblivious to their surroundings chatting and blocking the path.nnskating here as a more advanced but considerate safety first skater was impossible . kids were falling all around me and luckily i know how to  and stop before running them over note that there was probably only 5 other skaters on the ice who knew how to skate so this is scary . rentals were extremely dilapidated and when i brought back a defective skate i was told in a condescending manner that i wasnt lacing them right . kind of scary for the next person to come along.nni find their holidaypublic  to be extremely dangerous . do not take your kids here especially if they are weaker skaters or just learning . save the medical  and take them to az ice in peoria or arcadia ice both much safer and fun  for the little ones and adults
__label__neg  fnwait staff and  girldnbus boychip boyanni went to dinner with my kids tonight and the  who sat us couldnt even smile just a little ... she almost seemed annoyed that we walked in the front door . we were seated and werent acknowledged for a good 6 o 7 minutes . the bus boy saw this and immediately brought chips ... still no waiter . after my son tried the hot salsa he was gasping and turning red dying for some water that the bus boy came over and took our drink order and gave us a menunthe waiter came over 2 seconds after that and asked if we were ready to order ... we only had the menu for 2 to 3 seconds so no we werent ready to order . he said he come back ... .we waited for him to come back for over 10 minutes . by the way there was only 5 other tables being sat at ... the restaurant was empty . our waiter never smiled ... seemed grumpy that he was working . nndid i tell you the bus boychip boy was great if it wasnt for him i would have left 1 star the food was just ok. my sons got chicken tenders and fries and it tasted like the fryer hadnt been cleaned in weeks ... ugh ... soggy flat fries and the tenders turned a dark brown color from dirty fryer oil.nnneedless to say i wont be coming back . hope the owner looks at these reviews and does something positive ... .the restaurant needs some spunklife to it . just very drab and plain like the wait 
__label__neg beware of misleading  . at the register you will  that you will pay  more than the  posted . you have to   to obtain a rebate . really   buy or target both down the street .
__label__neg i am giving 4.5 stars to the service but just 1 star for the beverage . heres the story.nni was thrilled to see a jamba juice in the shopping center i was in . i love jamba juice and have my go to razzmataz that i always request.nnthis time i came in and as always  a razzmattaz . nni got it and went back in the  . i  a sip and realized it just tasted off . it simply wasnt sweet enough and seemed to be lacking an  . i was going to just suck it up and drink it anyway but i was with my mother and as she said you should get what you pay for and this wasnt cheap so she went in and nicely told them that it just didnt taste right.nnthey very graciously offered to quickly make a new one and even upgraded  to a much larger  . i  this was great customer servicennsadly the drink still tasted like it was lacking the sweetness.nni am not sure if their recipe was off or what but i was left disappointed in the taste .
__label__neg      .   when i  to complain about the room next door and their howling dog for the 2nd night in a row . lame breakfast bar and the advertisement for a kitchen in the room is actually a tiny little door that has a mini microwave and mini refrigerator . no stove . wouldnt stay here again even for free .
__label__pos the restaurant is hidden  in the corner of a busy strip  near chompies . happy hour is sunthu 5pm6pm when all sushi nonmarket priced nigiris not makis on the menu are 50 off . most items are 45. the highest price item is amaebi raw sweet shrimp 7 which was huge and very fresh . the head is served deepfried which is  than any french fry . i also  the oysters with  sauce .
__label__neg the    was  .    bombed.ntrio ravioli was over laden with dough . and the linguini with clam sauce was tasteless.nstick with sandwiches and pizza .
__label__pos  here   with  .     . nice atmosphere . definitely a chill casual sports bar feel . just got bar food but it was good . looking forward to going back for poker or trivia .
__label__pos we had the pleasure of working with bradys florals for our  wedding at the sanctuary  resort and spa . nnduring our initial conversation with lorraine i asked her to show me something i have never seen before . and boy did she deliver she  some of the most spectacular arrangements i have ever seen . not only does she have impeccable taste but she was a joy to work with . in fact we trusted her so  that we ultimately gave her complete creative freedom for the event . nnthe difference between a  florist and a designer is that lorraine was able to bring our wedding space to life by creating elegant balanced designs combined with  colors and textures . nni was overwhelmed with guests praising how magnificent the flower  were . my cascading bouquet of queenannes lace ranunculus and orchids smelled incredible . but my personal favorite was her chuppah design of smilax which accentuated the incredible garden view of the mountains.nnevery detail was considered . every petal was inspected . it was simply ... breathtaking . thank you again to lorraine and the entire crew at bradys and the sanctuary who made our  simply unforgettable .
__label__pos surprised to see such   here so i am going to overcompensate with a 5star so they can work to even this deal out ... nnit is not a 5star place no doubt but for where it is what it is and the price it is  good deal and a nice track ... nnits harder than one would think to play golf in scottsdale if you are a reasonably good golfer and want a good course but cant afford a 200 dollar  . i dont like the super cheap courses because its more pain than it is pleasure.nnstarfire offers that middle ground for me a midrange  course that by no means is it beautiful or breathtaking but what it is a good track for a good price ... there are a couple of  great holes too ... nnyoull find me out here at  1x a month
__label__neg wow ... and i dont mean that in a good way its hard for me to  a review about a business like this as my  are typically not this bad but here we go my first review that is really bad . i visited this chilis today because i had a couple of gift cards received from the holidays and lunch was still marinating at  . i previously  that they had a menu of 550 calorie meals . im not really a calorie counter but im definitely health conscious and i looked at what the offerings were from the website and was impressed by their 550 calorie meals . they seemed really appetizing and filling and for the most part used unprocessed unrefined ingredients . nnwell i arrived for lunch as aforementioned and there was no greeter . okay ... thats fine . i just waited a little . it gave me time to view the interior to  a feel for it before i go any further . i didnt like the environment . it was really dark a lot of that of course had to do with the cloudy weather we had today . this was lunch time though and i wasnt looking for any mood lighting . the next thing i didnt like was that it felt like a bar . now i know this wasnt a fancy restaurant but i didnt come here to be at a bar so minutes passed and i was  incredibly impatient because there was still no greeter to offer me a seat . was i free to sit anywhere i want defintely no i was about to leave but my companion didnt want to go and walked a little further into the restaurant to look for a server . i was facing the door at this point and someone near the bar area asked if someone was helping us . of course no we were seated . i agreed with the first seat we were offered but after sitting there for a few seconds i realized it was just too dark . i asked if it was okay to sit by the window and was allowed to sit elsewhere . nnalas i sat down again and looked through the menu . where is the 550 calorie meals i dont see it on the menu or anywhere on display at the table . i looked through the menu to see if there was anything at all that i could replace that whole idea with and the answer was no i  if the 550 calorie meals were only offered for dinner . i dont know . i didnt bother to ask either so i just walked out.nni assume this chilis isnt always a bad deal and bad expierience but i have to rate this visit according to my experience . one star hey chilis at shea it hurts me as much as it hurts you .
__label__neg i should have checked on here before visiting this place . if i could  them no stars i would too.nni am sorry to say that this was by far the worst experience i have had dealing with  . i have dealt with some horrible used car  before and this appliance  puts them all to shame . they have no common sense what so ever . they delivered a defective refrigerator and had the audacity to want to  us 25 restocking fee when we requested to exchange it . i am appalled at their business practices and can not fathom how could  let 35k worth of a sales fall through because they do not want to work with the customer and resolve some  that in my  could have easily been rectified . thanks to them we ended up going to spencers and saved an additional 1200 because they were running a special when you buy a refrigerator stovetop and oven .
__label__pos     up    and  coffee .
__label__pos this is my favorite course in the greater phoenix area . the course is challenging and the  are amazingnnthis course is one that for some reason is generally overlooked as one of the best in my opionion the best course in phoenix . it is off the beaten path a lttile sitting in fountain hills but is really worth the extra 10 minuet drive .  is excellent the last 6  the wicked  are a fresh idea in ending a course and i enjoy it thuroughly . nnthe practice green is well kept and is a great determination of how the course greens are . the chipping green is one of my favorites in town.nncart  are friendly and always smiling .  are just rightnnim always coming back and they never give me a reason to not come back
__label__neg i made a few trips to this mall during our week in the  area . nnthe  outlet was  but otherwise there werent that  quality outlet stores . most or so it  to me of the  in this mall are not outlets and there just werent the deals that i was expecting .
__label__neg how do restaurants like joes crab shack thrive let me tell you a little  . it might sound like im complaining about my future inlaws but im not . i promise.nnmy fiances parents love the crab shack . every year we all spend a week in coronado california for a muchneeded escape from the desert . every year we find ourselves driving  the bridge into san diego in search of a crappy seafood dinner courtesy of  and his undermotivated teenage staff . every year my meal both amazes and disappoints me . how awful is a restaurant when it just keeps getting worse i am totally  that the kitchen contains  but enormous bags of frozen seafood and deepfryers the size of swimming pools.nnone time we had a waiter that kept calling all the men bro . i am not your bro . i am  for and eating food that would get even a red lobster cook fired and as such am entitled to no less than fivestar treatment.nnif there is anything positive to say it is that the bibs they hand out to  eating crab are hilarious . ive got the pictures to prove it.nnill visit the shack once per year out of obligation . ill even be sort of happy to do it considering those close to me seem to love it and im not going to rain on their parade . you will never ever ever ever ever ever find me at one in arizona however . ever
__label__pos when i was the young age of 3 my   me to ycs . i have been going ever since . this place is such a pleasant change from all the typical restaurants where you sit down  from a  menu and then get served your meal . here you get to branch out and build your own mongolian stirfry from a huge selection of raw ingredients from the buffet style food line . theres meat  of  selections other toppings and various types of noodles to add . but the personalization doesnt stop there . you then get to create your own sauce either on your own or using any of ycs own personal recipes . at this point you hand over your bowl to one of their grill warriors and watch them bring your stirfry to life on the giant grills . the finished product always is perfectly cooked has epic taste and flavor because it has exactly what you want and keeps you coming back ycs also has crispy wontons rice and chopsticks of  to complete the meal this is a place i will never get tired of because the  are endless . their facility is always clean and staff is welcoming and helpful . not to mention it is very affordable . i highly recommend everyone to mongo at ycs mongolian grill
__label__neg thought it was pretty sad that they  10 to have your xrays emailed over to a new dentist i moved  needed a  dentist . as a   i would think they  include that as a courtesy ive never charged for this by any other dental office . granted its only 10 its the principal  it .
__label__pos best   downnni love healthy  and i also love buffets . this is the  of both worlds for me.nnthe salads and topping always taste fresh and the soups are always very tasty . i  how they rotate specialty items every week it seems so you get to try new soups salads desserts and more . nnyou could eat super  here but you can also fill up to the point that you need to be rolled out very quickly . even the kids plate you can get for the little ones has more than enough room for plenty of food . nnas far as this location specifically it is my favorite . they recently remodeled not only their decor but their overall operating structure in general . definitely a vast improvement to what they were and compared to some of the other sweet tomatoes locations . sine the change i have not had a bad experience here .
__label__neg ugh . nni wanted a teriyaki bowl . i might have wanted a sandwich . hell i might have wanted a cup of frogurt . nnwhat i didnt want was to pay 9 for an allwhite meat chicken bowl because if i had wanted the cheaper mixedmeat bowl i would have had to wait 20 minutes because they were out . too bad for me i was on lunch and hungry and already there . womp womp womp . nnso i expect something grand for  but get something that isnt  quite as good as kyoto bowl or samurai sams two places that are cheaper and quicker by far.nnthe rice was blah the chicken was meh and the sauce wasnt really all that great either . my coworker went there the next day got a sandwich found 3 hairs in it and when she went back the manager  her theyd  her a new one but they wouldnt refund her money . nnyeah its not  of every single eating  there and the teriyaki bowl wasnt horrible just horribly overpriced which is why they  two stars instead of one but unless they have some manner of overhaul they can eat my balls .
__label__neg i called around to locate and get price quotes for specific tires with an out the door price including mounting and balancing .  quoted less expensive than the rest . i agreed made an appointment and they ordered the tires . when i got there they tried to sell me the scam tire insurance it only adds replacement coverage for the 2 of punctures which are not repairable and only at their chain and i declined . the price which i was  was not the price i paid . they had two  itemized charges for both balancing and for tire disposal and added a materials fee . it was about 70.00 over the out the door price which became more expensive the last time i purchased identical tires elsewhere and competitors phone quotes . nnthey opened my hood and poked around while i was not present without my permission then tried to convince me to have them do additional work which they described as dire . there is no reason to open my hood during a tire transaction . it took almost two hours to change four tires despite an appointment and not being busy . this week i got a coupon in the  since they also  me to their mailing list without asking . i wont be using it . nnill give them some credit though they didnt take a chunk out of my rim like discount tire did with their rushed work . there is obviously a reason why business is slow for this  when the scammable asu students are away and why they have no reputation on yelp . i gave two stars because the product itself is what i asked for and they were installed properly . they did do something right .
__label__neg  my to go order back to my office and  they  me half my  . called and the little girl who answered  to argue and talk over me .  me there was nothing she could do . i wouldnt  back if the  was free .
__label__neg recently my husband and i were on our way to an appointment and in need of dinner and having about an hour to kill we decided to try casa reynoso since we see it every time we shop at the frys grocery store located in the same strip . i was interested to see if this familyowned place had decent mexican food . having been raised on new mexicostyle mexican food i am always on the hunt for food that tastes like grandmas . nncasa reynoso was just ok. the decor is dated and  dingey but i   a restaurant on their decor it is the service and food that matter so lets get to thatnnthe service was decent . the waitress seemed to be in a hurry and no one was smiling . the place wasnt very busy but we had to wait a while to get our drinks and small little basket of chips and cup of bland watery salsa . nnthe food quality was just ok. nothing outstanding in my book . i ordered the taco enchilada and relleno combination plate with rice and beans . the rice and beans were probably the best thing i ate there . the beans had great flavor and not too much salt and the rice was cooked perfectly also with lots of flavor . its difficult mess up a standard fried beef taco and the one i had was the same as any other taco youll get on a combination plate at any mexican place . the relleno was also ok but not a lot of flavor and too much egg . the enchilada was your regular old cheese rolled into a tortilla and smothered in cheese and enchilada sauce . the sauce was absolutely disgusting and i  up only eating a bite of the enchilada . i will say that i appreciate that they didnt mask the blandness of the food by absolutely suffocating it in  . the food was so mediocre that i dont even remember what my husband  and he definitely didnt rave about it.nnoverall i wouldnt jump to recommend this place to anyone . the food is mediocre the  didnt seem to care and  we could have gone around the corner to rivas and gotten better food at their drivethrough . nnof course i love to give second chances and i would love to see more familyowned mexican restaurants thrive in tempe . a couple of other reviewers recommended the green chili and burritos . i will have to try those next time but i dont really have high expectations for this place and probably wont be going back any time soon .
__label__neg this is a large  with  conference facilities attached . the rooms are very dated and in serious need for maintenance work . the beds are ok but the  of the room is old out of  ... the bathrooms had plumbing issues . the  shuttle was  . they have a  location and the potential to be ok but they do not  seen to be trying .
__label__neg in a word ... grody.nnthe second i walked in the door i was lambasted by a serious stank . it smelled like sewage and industrial cleaners . i should have done an about face at this time but i foolishly pressed on.nni ordered the red  white calzone which was advertised as mozzarella olive oil fresh roma tomatoes and garlic . the mozzarella was over abundant and flavorless the tomatoes were mealy underripe and were decidedly not romas likely beefsteak or   . the garlic was nearly raw and  into the calzone by the fistfull . nnim not a restaurateur but in my estimation the two most oft repeated sins of italian restaurants is to not make their mozzarella in house and to overload every dish with garlic . mozzarella is easy and inexpensive to make and i love garlic but there is definitely such a thing as too much.nni will not be returning to this location . however it should be  that i ate at the pinetop location last  and both the food and the ambiance were excellent .
__label__neg i just sent the following message through their website . ill update when i receive a reply . only  stars because not a  of sausage and lack of an on the spot appropriate response.nnjust picked up my pizza from your take out window at the mill and southern location . order 48 medium pepperoni and  order and received a pepperoni and sausage pizza.nnorder was placed by phone employee name not given or asked for order repeated back correctly but still the wrong toppings.nnwhen this was mentioned to the cashier his reply was i did not take the order and i can make another one . not sincere did not look me in the eye . i work and can not wait the  time for the correct  to be made . why not an offer to discount the one wrong toppingnnits going to be a  weekend of sausage . kind of dissapointing .
__label__pos there are several shared characteristics of a good dive barn1 . cash only for cheap stiff drinks.n2 . pool tables or alternately shuffle board . darts must be combined with some other lure in order to count.n3 . jukebox classic rock required the top  laughed out of the place.n4 . an air of disrepair rips in the booth upholstery musty smell of smoke on the air because despite the ban its already been cured into the wood.nnthis place has all those things in spades.nni hardly ever end up at the time out lounge because i never carry cash but the drinks are deliciously strong and dont strip your wallet of its greenery too quick . theres an atm there too . the pitchers and half pitchers are also pretty cheap but if youre drinking by yourself youre  to  the half pitcher . apparently they cant serve you a drink the size of your head in one sitting . what wacky laws.nnthere are several pool  that take up the  of the space but if youre going during the rush good luck securing one of them . im not that great at pool but i really enjoy playing at this place usually with a good partner i can coast off of and then  with after we win because of the atmosphere . so dont be a hater . nntheres a dart board off to the side of the place in a raised area with a couch and a jukebox . my friend and i got our asses handed to us on a plate by a couple of british expatriates in a game of cricket . but tall dark and handsome can beat me any day . its all about the accent . surprisingly ive never used the jukebox . but i have heard wonderful tales of it from multiple people .
__label__pos this was our second try at the top of the rock . to be honest there are a few reasons i can not give this 5 stars so lets start with that so i can end on a high note . nnfirst off 5.00 for valet or you get to  down a steep hill and walk to the place . i think for the overall price point offering valet to patrons should be free of course  your valet when you leave . the other reason the decor of the place . it feels really dated granted the view at sundown is amazing but still there needs to be a little updating . lastly our server she was very nice and pleasant however she did offer us bread ... ok ok maybe she did save our waistlines but at the end of our meal we saw what looked like delicious rolls brought to another table and we all wondered why we not offered any i mean hey we get the option to be fatties right side note the servers also wore jeans ... .not a huge deal but did not help the ambiance ... nnnow on to the drinks i had a prickly pear margarita it was way too sweet for me i should have known better so not issue there the hubby had not one but two of their kiwi caipirinhas . i followed up with a regular  on the rocks it was decent.nnok now the food . we started with the shrimp appetizer we ordered two one for each couple to split . they were grilled with honey and lime and had house made potato gnocchi . there was a mixture of mission figs  and cheese that accompanied the shrimp . the dish was down right awesome . the flavors were very well balanced and the shrimp were cooked perfectly . we were all very impressed . nneach of the four of us had our own main dish . i had the seasonal veggi dish . lets just start off with the fact that yes you can mess up vegetables but these were great . artisan carrots broccolini asparagus buttery pieces of brussle sprouts pouched beets all over your choice of purple roasted potatoes red quinoa their specialty french fries and their might have been another choice but i got the quinoa . it was great and i am not a vegetarian btw but i wanted something lighter to eat so  hot out and this was honestly good and filling . the husband had the chicken and dumplings which i had a bight of it was a little salty for my pallet but he sang its praise . it was made with gnocchi too . the other couple with us had the pork tenderloin which was melt in your mouth fantastic and the panseared scallops . these scallops were huge i am totally picky about scallops i only like em small so i passed but both my husband and the person who ordered the dish said they were great . nnfinally desert . we were all honestly full but i could not pass up the bread pudding . we all kind of split it . house made cinnamon ice cream with queen creek pears . we were all pleasantly surprised at how good it was . i do wish there was a better chocolate option on the  but thats ok i guess . nnover all i am looking forward to returning to top of the rock the service was great the food was  gourmet and unexpected . i really enjoyed this place our second time around . oh the  for five drinks two apps four dinners two espressos and a dessert was 190.00 without tip thats a great deal in my book
__label__neg my husband and i recently  at the  and were looking forward to a great dinner at top of the rock . what a disappointment we dined on a  night when the restaurant was almost completely empty there were only 7 couples the entire night including us and were seated  away from the window and any chance of a view . perhaps an empty restaurant left the staff feeling  than excited about work as service was mediocre at best . my husband ordered the beef short ribs which was a fairly decent dish . unfortunately i ordered the pork tenderloin . the pork was so salty that i couldnt even finish it and the overpowering garlic in the accompanying side of creamed barley ensured it remained mostly untouched on my dish . we left without a single goodbye  as unappreciated upon exit as we did  arrival . if youre looking for a nice dinner save your money and  to kai or kosin at the sheraton wild horse pass hotel
__label__neg spa is tiny . terrible . you can hear someone urinate while in waiting room of locker area . sauna was 90 degree . massage rooms were located right off the main entrance of spa so you could hear all the ladies squawking while they were getting there  done . neck rest broke while getting the massage ... nobodies fault didnt make for comfortable rest of massage though . nnas for the hotel ... .service is slooowwww . rang the front desk and an average  rings before someone unapologetically picked up . one time 30 rings and another no one picked up . the excuse was they were booked solid . so  for it rooms were ok. im a platinum marriott member ive been to a  of hotels travel for work and many of them were  resorts . this  gets  place . even the house keeping was slow we didnt get our room turned until 3pm . room service was good . the only reason they received two stars from me
__label__neg horrible  for the past 20yrs ive always belonged to a gym . this was the worst ever i started by signing up with a personal trainer he was awesome however i ended up having  hand surgery on both hands and was unable to finish my last 4 sessions . after many attempts to speak to someone and im talking weeks for someone to  back with me . ltf  to reimburse me for he last 4 sessions ni also feel like 120 a month for a single person is way over the limit  for a gym that has out dated equipment . ni belonged to lowes ymca 65 a month and that gym makes ltf  like a dump
__label__pos this place blew our expectations out of the water on our trip to ikea tonight my husband and i were planning to go to genghis grill since it was nearby but they were closed . i found ycs on yelp and it had good reviews . my husband was leary when we first walked in because there was no one at the counter . the super nice waitresshostess was helping a couple of first timers like us with their selections . she was very nice and showed us the ropes and even mixed the sauce up for me . the portions were huge my husband who usually can eat his full meal had to throw in the towel  because it was too much food . we both have hearty lunch  to take to work tomorrow . the soup bar was excellent especially the wontons . for only 23 they provide you such a great 3 course meal . they even had   for dessert . the hostess made  we  our meal the whole time and even let us have free to go boxes since it was our first time . she  threw in a small box so i could take wonton chips . the customer service was excellent and the food was fantastic . i definitely recommend this 
__label__pos my family    church .    incredible  modern worship and relevant  of inspiration and hope
__label__neg this  is for the gas station . nnthe fuel  suck .  luck holding the nozzle the   while your 40gallon tank fills up .  .
__label__neg i always want to    . theyre  nice    but the food always  me disappointed
__label__neg gary m on 612013 said it all . been going to this place for years . the place gets dirtier and dirtier . less attention to detail . the acoustics are awful . its very loud and you have to yell to be heard . the food isnt prepared properly and all they do is raise their prices . you  wings well..if you want something other than your typical mild  hot they charge you an extra dollar . you want just paddles or drums..yup an extra 1.50. you  a side of  sauce..yup..thats another 1.00. when you  youve paid 1.50 for each wing ... nngo to native new yorker get em your way and they dont break the bank.nnoh robert irvine needs to  here . restaurant 
__label__neg we just moved here from the midwest and have been staying with my daughter in her apartment in mesa while we wait to move into our house . i was recommend by a  who  the receptionist that worked there . nnwe have a 21  old pure bred collie who just had all his shots before we came to this area he caught a virus from the dog park at the apartment complex . they never called me back with his fecal exam test results i paid at the time of our dogs appoint for prescription dog food and two prescriptions for him . i got for prescription at the appointment . they said they would call me when the prescription dog food and the second prescription came into their office for me to come and pick up . they never called i called . i went and picked up the dog food . five days later the second rx still never came in and still no phone calls from them even though i was calling them . finally i called and asked for my money back from the second rx that i never received . they even sent me a postcard saying my collie need his shots after i gave them his records from our vet back home . we found  vet in chandler who we are much happier with who calls us back has the prescriptions in stock . gilbert veterninary hospital called me and wanted to  if i had requested them to get my  records from their clinic . i just told them yes you would think they would get a clue on how they treated me and my pet some people really treat their animals as part of their families and you dont take their care lightly im glad this wasnt a child but it was my child with four  paws i think that are out just to make money here and just want to rack on the charges the other vet also told me my rocky could keep getting this and told me how to prevent it . where gilbert was  me if it happened again that it would require additional testing and was probably colitis i found out the virus was going around between the other dogs in the apartment complex
__label__pos this place is a  . the butter  are the best ever not too  so it makes your stomach  but perfect  and 10 miles after i left wished i would have  more . chocolate  was  ever too .
__label__neg this place was not great . they werent busy so i  in right away but thats about it . the  used were dingy and had holes in them . the  looked and  dirty . when the  was cleaning my toes he would wipe his tools on my  instead of the  . i wasnt impressed and will continue looking for a good spot near my house have a great one near my office .
__label__neg i want to paint my bedroom . i found a color i  might work and as luck would have it my local ace hardware was the place for it . so i dropped in there this morning  i would purchase a sample size to see how the color  on the wall . nthe guy who was  me customer service informed me we dont give samples . i explained i was expecting to pay for a sample not be given one and his response was buy a quart or nothing . no sample sizes for paint . no  ace hardware stores are struggling to survive . who buys paint without a sample first i  home depot lowes sherman williams they all have sample sizes . and they all have   service .
__label__neg went here for dinner over the weekend with husband . i kinda know what to expect from this place but felt like a sit down mexican restaurant and was in the neighborhood . vibe is kinda like on the boarder minus the tex mex part ... .right  we were seated to our booth booth for two people was a little awkward . its a half  shape but our view was looking out onto a huge  of over 20 people not very chill feeling . i ordered a large house margarita on the rocks and a mexican pizza . food   to get to the table we were already on our   of chips before our food arrived . pizza was ok seemed like they skimped out on a lot of the toppings . margarita was weak also . i usually get a little buzz going on when i order a large one but i didnt  anything from that one . as always the food at macayos seems to all drop to the bottom of your stomach like a rock ... .i think its time to try something else even if im in the neighborhood .
__label__pos   .   and   . i really  my  here .
__label__neg beware hes a salesman not an ethical dentist . by  the worst dentist i have ever been to . even though he knew i worked at a dental school and know a lot more than an average patient about dentistry he still proceeded to diagnose 5300  of treatment for fillings crowns etc . i had my xrays looked at my 5 dentists at work in the next week . i didnt have a single cavity . i only actually needed 1 filling . if you want to  to someone who will tell you that you need restorations on every tooth hes your man . also the hygienist did not display proper  control technique . who  what bacteriadisease may be in that  .
__label__pos at about 12 oclock this afternoon i was thinking to myself i want some pizza for lunch where should i gonnbarros i screamed outloud in  to my own question . so i borrowed 5 from my old lady and off i went.nni got the lunch special . two slices of pepperoni  and a drink . i threw down the extra cash to  a side of ranch for dipping . best decision of the day.nnthis location is a little far away from where i  but its worth the drive .  clean place . friendly staff . the girl at front  is always nice . i dont know her name but she has a tattoo on the back of her neck . thanks neck  girl ill be  tomorrow .
__label__neg if i could leave a negative star review i would . this was the absolute worst dining  ive ever had . we were  and then ignored for 45mins . i sat at the table with my hand obnoxiously raised while 4 servers proceeded to walk past without stopping to ask if we needed anything . i then proceeded to ask the hostess to speak with the manager to which she said she would  get him only to turn around and seat  table completely ignoring my request . i then asked the  to speak with the manager who took my request and turned his back and went about his business . i asked  more servers who the manager was before i actually got a chance to speak with him . the  couldnt care less about the horrid service we were receiving . a server finally came over who took am additional 15mins to get out drink order and messed up our food order . i think its safe to  i will never again return to carrabbas ever again . i would not recommend this place to anyone .
__label__pos  beer selection and    for    with good  of pizza and other pizza joint offerings . i love their deep dish pizza and love how they do have some crispy toppings from the oven as well . many tvs in the bar and quite a few out in the dining room as well .
__label__pos i love this place i    every time i go and i   service is great .  hour specials are  .  recommend .
__label__neg if i     i  . dr.   is honestly the worst doctor and i use that term loosely i have ever been to . she stands and stares at you and doesnt really answer questions directly . honestly she acts like she doesnt even know what she is talking about when she does answer . she did a biopsy on my daughter and dropped the scalpel and the dripped blood all over her skirt and prior to the biopsy she wasnt even going to test my daughter for mrsa but was just going to prescribe meds without knowing what was growing on her leg isnt that what started mrsa in the first place over prescribing antibiotics when we thought my daughter was having an allergic reaction to the numbing shot she just stared at us and said that has nothing to do with this ... .do you have anxiety i almost died nnand just to add to this she also makes you schedule an appt for every issue ... .you cant go in for acne and a skin lesion . you need separate appts and do pays . they also make you come in every 3 months to write you a new prescription so they can charge you a co pay as well . beware
__label__pos   . fresh    they   of  on the sandwiches . and you cant beat the prices . very affordable .
__label__neg    . called  to   truck was there and when we got there they gave us a larger one that personal auto coverage wont cover . said only a truck was guaranteed not a specific size . told me if i cancelled now would be a 50 charge . will not be back with haul next door.nnrevised to one star . came to return my  . they surrounded my car so it cant get out .  the number on the receipt they said theres nothing they can do until tomorrow . calling police next . insane
__label__pos pie   from  great     and  will be stopping by again .
__label__neg    .     . nndo not go to this bar . the bouncer assaulted my best friendi would hate to think it is because he was a gay male on the westside of town but no other reasons come to mind .
__label__neg came in saturday a little after 500 very few customers and plenty of staff . we sat for several long minutes before they finally  out who would   . the  came quickly and was hot but just  . the lobster ravioli tasty  and the chicken was dry . it had been a long time since we had been to a macaroni grill . we  no reason to rush back .
__label__neg outstanding salsa they bring the pico and salsa separate so you can mix your own to taste and they are generous with both ... nngreen chili beef nachos ... . mmmmmmmm so yummy so huge nnnegro modelo ... perfectly coldnnnext time we  ourselves at the old pueblo cafe this is what we will order and nothing more because this was the highlight ... downhill fast after our appetizers ... nnmomma had sonoran enchiladas and thought they had no  flavor or heat ... she tried adding some salsa but it did not  they were just too bland to be helped.nnthe main man had mexican flag enchiladas and found cold spots within the warmth ... what the heck his refried beans had whole hard  beans among what looked like old crusty mush ... what the heck overall he says his plate was bland as well.nni had a fish taco and relleno with rice and beans . the tortilla for the taco arrived already saturated with moisture and falling apart ... i discarded it and was left with my hunk of cod cabbage lettuce and sauce ... still tasty but more of a salad than a taco . the relleno gave me fond memories of la union station if youve been you  what im talking about if you have not ... sorry ... my beans had appropriate consistency and i liked the rice just fine for the few bites i took.nnthe service was efficient and pleasant for an extremely busy sunday afternoon during the big art  but when most of the main dishes are subpar i cant go higher than 2 stars ... stick with the salsa nachos and  and have a 45 star experience
__label__pos   the  was    was   care of . food was amazing hot and came out fast . were definitely coming back .
__label__pos i take my vehicle into wilhelm for oil  and  car repairs . i have always  the  desk and  to be extremely helpful and friendly . my family and i are  and have always taken our vehicles to wilhelm . i wouldnt  of going any other place . i would highly  to them to anyone
__label__neg food poisoning  my husband and i both had it . we  to let them  and they expected me to go to the er and have a doctors note they wouldnt  refund our bill and after our gift card it was only 22. i guess it was worth it to them . they said theyd  me  for some  reason and never did .
__label__neg   in prime  of  .    .  it .
__label__neg pizza was  and  .   was  .   out hoping for a delicious ny style  and was severely disappointed . i wont be back .
__label__neg the hairdressers are all very young and inexperienced with no older folk to guide them or show them how to cut hair . i  to explain how my ends need to be cut but neither of the two employees had ever heard of such a thing . i have had this certain type of cut from a few different hairdressers and its perfect for my type of hair . i have had some other hairdressers insist on something else and it always looks horrid . i am open to certain changes permutations and differences here and there but there is a specific way that the ends of my hair really need to be cut.nnso anyway the two kids get together and decide that im  and they convince me to let them do it the right way . i have to admit that its my fault because it was sunday afternoon and i didnt feel like waiting for an appointment with a better establishment . i just asked them to leave like an extra inch just in case i needed to cut more to  it right . they ended up giving me a very stupidlooking cut . i  had to cut it some more when i got home . my homecut involved standing backwards in front of a large mirror holding a smaller mirror in my left hand and  the scissors with my right hand.nnluckily the  level of the hairdresser was so low that there was not much for me to mess up . its just a straight line across the back . nothing was done to the sides and she did not create a shape of any type along the back . i paid thirty bucks with  for a straight line that goes right across my back . i could have gotten my boyfriend to do it .
__label__neg i really should have known betterbeing that i was spoiled in nj with such fantastic italian food.nonce again another restaurant chain or family owned that does not offer chicken francaise what do i have to do to find some chicken francaise in aznanyway..food was blandyou have to  pasta seperately really its not included what  place doesnt give you a smidge of  even olive garden gives you some pastanoh well..server was great so i gave the  star for the  waiter and i actually love all the kitchy  on the walls .
__label__pos not  for a chain . i  that they have the peanuts . nnfor the celiacs ... they have a gluten free menu i did not get  when ordering off that menu.nnthe  ... perfectly cooked . it couldnt have been  better and thats rare these  .
__label__neg just  to the area and have never had a bashas store in our phoenix  . i have  encountered such rude and  checkers in my life . i will drive extra miles to avoid this store and plan to meet with the manager face to face and tell him what i  .  and  have much nicer  and better prices .
__label__pos i have been to firebirds many times and will continue to go . it is a delicious steak house that has many other items that are great for the whole family . we always start with the ranch rings . they are perfectly breaded and crisp and come with a garlic ranch dressing that everyone in my family loves . every time we go my daughter cant seem to get enough of the wood fired salmon . the best part is that the salmon is on the kids menu so it makes it a little more affordable . for dinner i have had the firebirds chicken pasta it was creamy and full of flavor . cilantro grilled chicken breast that was perfectly cooked with the parmesan mashed potatoes i couldnt get enough of the jack cheese sauce . the bacon wrapped filet mignon with mushrooms and bleu cheese was so good that when i was finished eating it i could only think that i wanted more . my niece recently tried the sesame encrusted salmon with the parmesan potatoes and fried spinach . the salmon left the plate quickly between her and my daughter who helped her eat it when her salmon was gone the fried spinach was something of a mystery . at first when the spinach  the mouth there is a crunch and then it just melts away leaving a salty taste that soon disappears . odd yes delicious yes it was great with the salmon or at least my daughter thought so since i dont like fish . mr c got the baby back ribs and enjoyed them making a perfect mess of himself . they brought him a warm  towel to help clean up thank you . the chile rubbed delmonico has this  rub that makes the meat melt in your mouth . the meat itself is very fatty which i normally wouldnt even try but the rub gave it a flavor that was worth the fat . everyone in the family has tried this and most  has ordered it at one time or another . to finish the meal we always get the creme brulee cheesecake . the crunch sugar top with the soft and creamy cheesecake and the graham  crust with blueberries and strawberries and a strawberry sauce makes this a beautiful end to a perfect meal . we have  been  and have always received great service . they have a great wine selection with  that satisfy my beer snob husband and coffees with liqueurs that help to end a meal on a high note . the price isnt bad for the food that you receive . take family or friends and enjoy a night out .
__label__pos  food we    chicken   crab angels bbq ribs  lo me in and sweet and sour pork . all the food was fresh hot and tender . al food is also made with no msg . nnnnin addition the service was excellent mae . the owners are very nice people . also the  portions are huge great job
__label__neg went in for a  .  place . multiple barber chairs . 1 barber . he seemed  that i showed up at 2pm on a monday . told me i must have an appointment to be  which wouldnt be for   . i wont be  that  again .
__label__pos decided to finally was my messy vehicle to i brought it in . i thought the price was a bit  forthe gold service and a   . it  50. they did do a great job the back seats  out great keep in  i have 2 rottweilers that are in my  almost daily . i  come back here when needed .
__label__pos weve been here plenty of times before and it seems like its always crowded no matter what time or day . the food is good and what i especially like is the unlimited  or salad . in addition the breadsticks are great and my 4 year old  can attest to this . nnthe entrees here are very good and i know im going to  shunned for saying this but im not a  cheese eater . i come here due to my wife loving italian food . nevertheless i still love it here  to the breadsticks spaghetti and soup.nni  this review helps and happy eating
__label__pos my fiance and i  this  . he always  the fish and chips which really are some of the best weve had . i havent really had   on the  . the prices seem about right for as much as you get and the  is good . we enjoy village pub .
__label__neg we are regulars and the french makeover and taking things off the menu has made us go a lot less often . they took bananas red apples and carrots off the menu they have virtually nothing for kids there that kids like . i guess kids are now longer welcome in the french restaurant . our kids used to love to go there . management is rarely seen and they seem to gossip alot about the other staff . nothing is consistent anymore the  is the cooks  in ability . what is left on the menu has hokey french names and every little thing is extra . this was a restaurant that was like a neighborhood meeting place prior to the french takeover .  we are looking for a new favorite neighborhood restaurant . we need one less stuffy that has a manager that you can actually talk to anthony  to walk around from time to time but not  . havent seen his face in over a year when i ask for him the staff says he is not there . assistant managers seem to all pass the buck except kathy and the team leaders seem to be above doing the little extras when you ask them for something . i must say   christine maureen etla and leah all are wonderful .wifi is very slow . never see management out and about like you do at other restaurants . i guess that is a sign that they dont  to hear why their customers have to say .
__label__pos    good beer by   .  a  time for nfl games love being able to drink vegas craft  while watching the patriots
__label__neg went yesterday afternoon 572014 to this location . my fiance took me here because i wanted to try something new and this literally was my very first time ever going to a red robins and probably my last because the service i received was just that horrible . nthe restaurant was pretty slow so we  there and waited to be seated . which took much longer than usual considering how dead it was at this time of day . the server i believe his name was tye did not even greet us instead just escorted us to our table with a very  and unapproachable attitude . when he did take our orders he just seemed like he hated his job his tone was very monotonous straight forward and very rushed with no eye contact whatsoever as if he was talking to the wall next to our booth . as much as we thought he hated his  the crazy thing was when he want in the back towards the kitchen with the other employees he was cracking  and having what looked like a really good time with his coworkers but as soon as he  back into server mode he seemed miserable.ni will say the food was pretty good hence the one star but we did rush to eat and regrettably had no  because we just wanted to leave it was that unpleasant and we honestly took it very personal.nthis was my very first review and i never do this but the service there to me was that unpleasant to break that chain
__label__pos this place is the oyster bar inside sunset station . alot of parking outside and inside garage.nservice was  and got great service from julian at the bar . anthony is them man . nsit at the bar just  how you want it and magic happens . food was great on this visit and portions were right on . nplus   there no wait.nreasonable prices and great portions of food with great quality and taste.nhave  and  .
__label__pos sometimes you just dont want to cook something so you skip the fuss and go out . cabo is on our short list of places to go for such occasions . last night we went back and were treated to more of the same great service and great food that weve become accustomed to . our server  flat knows how to move things along and once again he took great care of us . i didnt have to ask for refills on my  and the other server helping him had an extra bowl of chips on the table before i even started to get up to head to the salsa bar for more . its the little things . they make a huge difference . and with a 2 year  along when making the tableside guacamole he didnt just assume what ingredients should be left out . he asked . that was appreciated . nnin short another solid 4 star experience . its not 5 stars but sometimes you dont want 5 stars you want consistent 4  rock solid food and a hassle free experience . cabo delivers that for us . nnone tip on the ayce tacos be aware of the restrictions . no sharing no doggie bags batteries not included . oops scratch the last one . still we  the  ayce tacos . only was able to eat 2 anyway . just thought id share that unless listening to a lengthy disclaimer is something you enjoy . in that case order away . it just means i have time to get to the salsa bar before you do nnone  thing the mobile app should show more checkins not sure what is up with that .
__label__neg low rating due to customer service issues not furniture .  person lied about what was in stock rather being honest about back ordered sofa . stated it was in az ready for delivery then a week later after the sale i find out it was actually on back order . instantly lost me because of lies . still love my sofa and love seats . quality is good . when the couch was ready they have me the wrong one . so the   was mainly  to poor processes and   rather than the  . this was the second purchase at ashley . the first time was smoother with no  .
__label__neg with reference tondr . james gabroyn1535 w warm  rdnhenderson nv 89014 n702 4503385 nnnafter feeling  worse my family forced me to go for a second opinion.nni advised my doctor dr. james gabroy who ive seen each and every month for the last 15 years that i was going to do this and have anyall findings forwarded to him.nnafter not receiving my usual courtesy appointment reminder call i called to confirm . i was put on  for quite some time and then politely advised that the doctor no longer wishes to care for me and has released not only me from his  but my entire family we are absolutely devastated . the doctors reject list  my 85yearold father my spouse and my two children ages 24 and 25.nnmy advise to you going to dr. gabroy is a fantastic idea if your not sickn just be prepared to  in the waiting area for 3 hours for your appointments and pray that you dont get sick enough that you might need a second opinion because if you do go for a second opinion you and your  will be thrown out on your asses
__label__pos    .    .   will return and recommend .
__label__neg  thai teannhorrible food . pad thai  like it was   and the   together . salted fried chicken was too  . nnwould not  .
__label__pos i love sweet tomato . this place is always first choice for my mom . there salad bar is so tasty with different vegetables fruits and salads . often there are new  available . recently they added premium choices to the salad bar . im not a fan because i always get edamame when i  and now its 2.49 in the premium  and you only get 1 serving so make it good . i was quite bummed . but i love sweet tomato too much to stop going . the mac and cheese here is so creamy and good i always eat more than 3 bowls of mac and cheese . the soups taste very fresh . most of the  i get the chicken noodle and just eat the fresh egg noodles . my mom loves clam chowder and broccoli cheddar . the pizza bread is baked just right the bread has a  crunch while being  . nnthe price is not that bad if you get your moneys worth . they have senior and military discounts too.nnthe service is great too . they are always willing to help . my sister brought her baby one day and they seated us where we wouldnt be in the way of those passing by with the baby chair . the workers came around often and cleared our table so we could indulge in  more tastiness . at one point they walk around and give everyone complimentary cookies . although the new premium menu is a bummer i will not turn down a trip here .
__label__neg it was time for an oil change and ive received coupons advertising purrfect auto service in the past with an unbelievable price of 9.95. on this date i didnt have a coupon because ive  past the business in the past and they advertise the 9.95 price on two sides of their business building . nni walked into the store and asked for the 9.95 oil change . the first thing that the cashier said was that i had to have a coupon for that deal . i briefly pointed out that the price is advertised on their building in  places but it was to no avail . i  have looked confused and frustrated because the cashier asked what kind of car do you drive i told him saturn ion and was told  even with the coupon we wouldnt do that price for that car . i guess this was supposed to make me feel better . it didnt . then i boldly  to the question that hardly mattered at this point because i wasnt going to reward these  for deceptive advertising what does an oil change cost for my car he said 29.95. i mutteredstuttered and headed for the door.nni have no idea what kind of car qualifies for the 9.95 oil change . if you have the time stop by and find out .  29.95 plus tax if you actually expect your oil changed .
__label__neg the lines at tacos el gordo were too long so we decided to just eat at this dennys . bad  . it was new years day but the place was dead . only one other table of customers besides us . a guy came to our table and took our drink and food order and never returned . we went 35 minutes with no drinks or  . the manager had time to clean a window partition yet couldnt find the time to get us our drinks or even just acknowledge us . we were sat in the  corner so i couldnt see the kitchen but the manager seated us and the  cooking took our order so they knew we were there . finally i  we would leave and go to a different location . i  over to the kitchen to tell the manager we were leaving . she said oh wait ill cook your food right now and i told her to forget it . i mean they were only going to start cooking our food because i said we were leaving . she  once said sorry or showed any type of sympathy to the situation they put us in . she had no issue with us leaving and could have cared less .
__label__neg ive been getting my haircut for years with rosa and i have brought family and friends and everybody loved her . we all  to  together to get our haircuts rosa  it fun at great clips.i called in the other day and she is no longer there . i will have to  my family and friends the bad news . we will need to find us  rosa who will take care of  . im no longer  to great clips .
__label__neg  overcooked  drenched in cheese no bechamel.npizza dough and sauce okay way too  cheese boringnnservice unattentive  man . natmosphere  tablecloth tacky deco  be in the bronxnnno reason to ever go back .
__label__neg this place is very overrated . the hamburgers and sides are way overpriced . sure the fried egg option is awesome but the burgers do not taste that great . i went to lunch here with a  and between the two of  it was 28 dollars . way too much money for a fast food hamburger stand . for that price i could eat at  kellers burger bar . the service here sucks too i was gambling around 4am and went up to the counter . the guy cooking did not   me . so i just left . there are way better hamburger  than this dumpnnlast great hamburger stand my a very disappointed
__label__pos this restaurant is owned by tommy rockers exwife donna . the du00e9cor is reminiscent of a lodge you  expect to find somewhere in the  northwest . our meal began with a mixed salad lightly dressed with a  . we each ordered the evenings  fresh halibut roasted in the oven and served with a citrus sauce that was  by fingerling potatoes and a sautu00e9 of fresh vegetables . the portion size was about 8  and the fish was moist and delicious . the only negative a minor one was our  was a bit disengaged . overall our meal exceeded expectations .
__label__neg     and  staff  cold beer . why only 2 stars then sewer problem the bar had a very bad odor that the  tried to mask it with a candle in the restroom and by opening the doors on a  night . not the first time weve experienced this there . hope its fixed soon or we may have to find another watering hole too bad .
__label__neg if you like disneyland and waiting hours to ride rides you will love this st show of an office . my son has seen dr burford ky greenspon blank over the past 4 months plan on being there all day . they  to an even smaller location this week which is  than their prison looking old location . however the prison setting is rather appropriate  their staff  like a bunch of  on a work   . do yourself and child better like i did today and fire these  .
__label__neg i have two gripes . they dont tell you the price immediately . sometimes i have   minutes to  out . the  thing is the  room . no tv . in this day and age  should have a tv especially for sports and news . i have complained numerous times since i have been a   it opened .
__label__pos  late love that  service and food felt right at   and  and  and cheese to  for 
__label__neg although the decor is pretty this place is pretty ghetto . nni was shocked at all the good reviews but realized most of them werent for the hotel itself . nnour room was dirty with hairs from the previous  in the sink it was clogged and bathtub the floor had a lot of stains on it hardly any of the television stations  worked alongside the buttons on the phone . when i drove in from la on a wednesday morning i was informed there would be parties from 10am6pm and again at 10pm6am . since when do hotels take preference to the low budget crowd vs. hotel guests during weekdays there was no room in the hotel that could avoid the awful music . even when the  was  they were bumping some type of techno . nnwhen i attempted to express my issue with the front desk it was  and i was given an oh well . extremely bad customer service and  service  . i will never come here again .
__label__pos     this   my  .  variety comfort chinese food good portions acceptable service its my new favorite budget goto chinese restaurant .
__label__neg a roach crawled across our table right after we received our bill . how convenient was this  of the authentic ambience ugh . i finished that last roach..err i  roasted duck with glee . and those msg panfried veggies oh honey i requested a second serving . then that fucking  caught my eye in the very end . in hindsight i shouldve told them and cursed them out but i just wanted to  the  out of there . unfortunately paranoia and thoughts of roaches crawling everywhere in the kitchen invaded my psyche afterwards . my insides felt like shit . nnwhen we arrived at ichiza for  i  up in the bathroom . glamorous i know . but i wanted that shit out of my system . i downed a bottle of beer and water hoping it would  me feel better . it did . my brilliant rationale is the alcohol would help vanquish those germs . thus dodging food poisoining . i woke up today feeling fine . yesterday was my first and last visit .
__label__pos    perfectnpho is great  a  order of duck love the sweet sauce that comes with it but not a fan of the oyster sauce on the bottom it makes the duck skin soggy . the soft noodle with seafood  lots of flavor . vermicelli was good one of my top 5 choices in vietnamese sp restaurant . service is always good when im there . fast and friendly .
__label__neg boyfriend and i wasnt impressed  was  nbut the   hue was very bland . i  had ask for a hot tea togo and the  said they dont do  hot teas how interesting
__label__neg  wbeef  tendon and  . nnbroth was ok  was good and the trip was good too . i was a little unhappy with the  ... .it was a little fattier than what im used to . nnshrimp spring rolls were very good and super fresh . nnplace was pretty dirty . there was about an inch think of dust on the window and shelves next to our table . nndecent prices and average service .
__label__neg tres veces la orden me ha  mal no recomiendo este lugar para comida salvadorena.nntrate darle otra oportunidad pero despues de haber recivido  comida mal en tres diferentes ocasiones ya no masnnel pollo el  simple y  y cuando se le comunica el problema no se  responsables . muy mal servicionnbusquen   salvadoreno no pierda su tiempo ni su dinero .
__label__neg it was only after we were  that they let us know no pizza was  due to an issue with the oven . didnt  over well with three  in group . waiter  a heap of cheese on a dish instead of slowly shredding it . service was  intended but not very  . its sad to see this chain  into oblivion . this location is no exception .
__label__neg eh .  really was just ok.nthe  let the dishes  up on our table and didnt stop by often enough to refill drinks and check on us . the food took pretty long to prepare and there wasnt any apology or explanation.n nbecause we were meeting old friends we were in a celebratory and lingering mood . nthe restaurant was empty but we felt pressure to leave . we tipped well so i dont think that was the issue ... the staff sure was  to clear the table after the tab was  . oy . what an awkward way to do businessnnthe hostess kind of made up for it though . she took a bunch of touristy photos of our reunion . outside the establishment of course ... nni definitely wont be revisiting this place . there are just too many restaurant options out there landrys . your food wasnt great  to  service like that .
__label__neg this place is on the opposite side of the of the i15 away from the strip . its located right next to a big  and a luckys supermarket . in an area where all the other asian establishments are in lv . vegas  you could say.nnweve tried a few other pho  in the area but for some reason we keep coming back to this one . its your run of the mill pho place  special . pretty much the pho joint that youd  anywhere else.nnthe one major minus of this place is the fact that the pho takes  to come out . usually when you order a bowl of pho anywhere else . it comes out right away . for some strange reason it takes soooooooooo long for it to come out here . nni mean come on.. nn1 broth premade . n2  premade.n3 meat all ready and chopped up.nnwhat the hell is taking so long throw it all in a bowl pour the broth and serve while its still hot no need to make us wait 20 minutes . im still slightly drunk and hung over . i  my damn bowl of pho what the hell are you guys doing back there gambling well ... viet people do love to gamble and it is vegas ...
__label__neg if there was a possible zero this place would get it . but yelp felt the need that all business deserve pity stars . nnfrom upon entering were  by an asian fellow with glasses . there were twothree tables open for 10 ... he reluctantly seated us and was about to put us on a waiting  . if not mentioned we would have wasted our time . nnsoup is  than mediocre broth was bland and constumer service was blatantly disrespectful . we asked multiple times for simple sides like onion and waiters would not acknowledge our requests . nnjust to top off the cake there was curly hair in my 10 soup . the cashier was apologetic but not by nature . she looked at my wife and i trying to find out if the hair belong to one of us . the hair was curly and short possibly  hair . for her to stare up and down at us it was very  we did not plan to eat someone elses pubes . for a restaurant that  it is the number 1 soup restaurant they sure treat us like we are the last people to come back .
__label__neg the  was pretty good but the place was filthy and the wait  was beyond  . we ordered  bbq but instead of the normal metal grate over the flame they offered us a thick glass dish to cook our meats . this worked less than okay resulting in longer than normal cook times and much greasier meat . furthermore obtaining water refills was quite a challenge.nnlater in the  when we attempted to  the restroom it was in poor repair as  as  cleanliness .
__label__pos this is one of my  places around the end of the month when im close to  . good food and very affordable . since the first time i  here i felt like home it reminded me of my mothers  . no shes not hawaiian but her secret ingredient waaas ... .spam and one thousand possibilities . but i have tried other favorites like mahi  katsu combo also the teriyaki chicken and theyre as good as ... well spam . this place is always busy so the  is out . if youre looking for some good affordable home tasting hawaiian food . aloha kitchen is the place n you don say ham say 
__label__pos allways loved this  . this location is nice and looks  it was   . very clean.nkalbi  are  and sweet . spam  are 
__label__neg rating  . i went by at 230 on thursday . store  no sign in door no  on the phone and no  picked up . perhaps they had to run out suddenly but this was quite annoying upon making a  to the store when theyre   to be open . a bit unprofessional .
__label__pos    casinos.nnfounder frank fertitta jr. has been called home to be with his elders in heaven.nnfrank fertitta jr. died at age 70 last week following recent heart surgery at cederssinai hosptial in los angeles . from humble beginnings as a bellman at the tropicana almost fifty years ago to founder of an empire that is a las vegas icon frank fertitta jr. embodied the very spirit that made america great . frank fertitta jr. was what all americans should aspire to be.nnrest in peace   jr .
__label__pos im going to give this place a 4 because the doors to go outside wouldnt open after 10pm so we have to walk all the way around to our rooms . its doable but if you have heavy bags youre going to be huffing and puffing when you get to your room . the rooms were clean and decent . i dont really care about the  of the bed because ive slept likea baby on the floor before but my gf doesnt think the beds are comfortable . the restroom looks nice though . i like it a lot . i think if they would upgrade something in the rooms it would have to be the tvs . its not that the tv was small but because its too old . but  it works . i like their little work out room too . very helpful to relieve some stress especially for those who lost their money gambling lol . nnthe casino was nice . had a great time with my family in there . i  that they have restaurants and theyre open late . however idk if the restaurants are open 24 hrs . the food was  cheap though . there were 99 cents margaritas which were yummy . at the oyster  i saw on the menu that says after 1am bud lights were 2 dollars i believe which is a good price . unfortunately i didnt get to take advantage of that . nnwe ate at the restaurant for breakfast . i ordered spaghetti with meatballs and i would have to say it was yummmmaaaaay . i think pricings on their food is very  . our server was nice . very much appreciated for her  . nnchecking in and checking out was really simple and quick . nnother than that theres nothing else . oh and one more thing if you want to get their  for cheap check it thrift trip advisor . omg you will really be satisfy with how much youll end up paying .
__label__neg this place was alright i wasnt fully satisfied .  service was horrible at the  of  in . i didnt get the room i had reserved i would have appreciate it if the  that checked me in would had notified me before . i get to the room and the  doesnt even close i went back down there to let them know and he gives me more attitude he did give me another room but just by him giving me that attitude i was upset.nthe stay was alright  but i just wouldnt book  room there again . i dont  it to no one .
__label__neg just horrible service everywhere . only saving grace is the oyster bar which is spectacular . so just stop there to eat there and get the  out . ive received free rooms from bellagio  bay and many other nicer hotels based on my play . although im not a whale i play a decent amount . but palace station at best will give me rooms at like 50 a night . its amazing how cheap they are . also the pit bosses dealers hosts  and just about everyone there just treats you like you just kicked their  . just awful . hate this  . but again go eat at the oyster bar .   in vegas .
__label__pos ever since i moved to vegas all ive heard from friends mouths is ichiza this.. ichiza that.. and i am so glad i finally got a chance to samps sample the foodnnfunny thing is i went there on a busy friday night and ran into 2 different groups of friends that rave to me about this spot . nnordered the cold tofu kim chee fried rice hamachi sashimi tuna sashimi pickled veggies etc etc . nand even  we ordered all this from the menu there were sooooooooooooooooooo much more to  on the walls ... too bad we werent near the walls nor could we read japanese nthis is a place where you can try new things everytime and prolly still not have tried the whole menu ... ... yes there is that much things to order.nnregardless this place didnt  all the rave reviews . nnexcept the  veggies..yuckynnalmost forgot to mention that they are opened late ... .not 24 hours but late enough for some drunken grindz .
__label__neg it was just ok ... ..nothing special.nnto start off ... .we ordered the 2 types of  bbq pork and roast pork and it was quite a small portion for the price  ... not worth it . since it was so  we decided to order half a  duck afterwards . taste was ok ... nnall the other dishes were ordinary . prices seem high.nnservice was lacking ... .we had someone who could not use a chopstick and she had to get up and get a fork herself . place is not that big  we had  flagging a waiter down.nnafter the meal we asked the waiter to call a taxi for us and he refused and just gave us the  number instead.nnwould i return nope .
__label__neg  chinese joint ive   at  nni dont want to give it one star but theres not an option for no stars on here . this place is crap.nnits located in chinatown about 10 minutes away from the las vegas strip . my family and i entered and waited to be seated . we waited for about 5 minutes . the  was pretty empty except for two tables . we really shouldnt be waiting that long since there is a hostess stand but the hostess was no where to be found . weird ... nnanyways we were seated and were immediately asked in mandarin what we wanted . my mom asked them to speak in english and the waitress said what do you want . rude much . we ordered and our food came 10 minutes later.nnwhat we found most surprising charging for rice . were chinese and we frequent chinese restaurants a lot and its always complimentary rice whenever you order a dish . we ordered roast duck soup beef and broccoli and the beef chow fun . we asked for rice and they gave us two small bowls and theres five grown adults here . i see other tables had the large red containers of rice while we didnt . nnwhen we got the check they added 18 to 20 gratuity even though we were not a table of six . on their menu it says they add in gratuity for tables six or more . we didnt want to tip at all but they already included it . nndont dine here unless you want to be mistreated . there are numerous plazas and restaurants phovietnamese japanese etc surrounding this crappy place . the service sucks as the servers are lazy and give you attitude if you try to get their attention . also please speak chinese to them if you must dine here . my mother made the mistake of not speaking chinese which i think made them believe we werent  and thus gave us bad service .
__label__neg i came to this cleaners for a  dress to be altered and i was extremely happy with it . since i live close by i figured i would try the dry cleaning side of . i will never ever come back to this place again . i  like i was totally ripped off . nni dropped my clothes off on a thursday and she said to  them up on tuesday . open all weekend so why so long . i came in today tuesday at 4pm . she told me they just started working on my items and she would call me when they would be ready . 1 hour later she said they were ready . i picked them up took them home and this is when i get heated . nnmy herve leger dress i dropped off was the only thing that looked cleaned . i had black shoe polish stains on it from an event i had attended and lucky for me they came out and the dress looked  new . i made such a stink about this dress to the older asian lady at the front of the store she knew i was going to make sure this dress was spotless when i came back . all my other shirts still had water stains on them and they looked dirty still . it looked like all my other items were just pressed so they looked like they were treated . i think they ran out of time and got lazy and so they cleaned the herve leger dress and just pressed the other items to save  and to rip me off i  as soon as i got home and noticed all of this and the same lady played dumb with me . she said i could come back the  day and they would fix it but as i told her before i was going out of the  and needed these items . she then said to bring them in when i get back and they will correct the issue but to be honest after reading others reviews on this place i do not trust sparkle cleaners . ill take a loss on this and go back to my other dry cleaners across town . save yourself the trouble people
__label__neg we have been coming here for many many many years . havent been for the past 5 years or so decided to revisit some  school charm no sooner were we seated that we were asked what we wanted to drink and what we wanted to order . i had to explain we were in no hurry to order dinner wanted a drink first . while waiting for our one drink and bottle of wine two more servers appeared to ask for our order . finally we gave in not even 12 way through our  . caesar salad still served  server overdid the oil so all you tasted was oil . ordered the filet medium rare was served to me raw sent it back and within seconds no time whatsoever to cook was served to me again and yep raw couldnt even cut it with a knife . seriously the best steakhouse in las vegas ... not anymore .  not to chance a 3rd time . the baked potato was a baked potato . the bu00e9arnaise that was served with the first filet sat there and got cold while someone in the kitchen attempted to cook the filet to medium rare . the veal parmesan was adequate . nothing special so much sauce you couldnt see the veal . they did remove the filet from our check and offered dessert but by that time we were so  we paid our bill and left . nothing like it used to be with the exception of the restaurant itself . lastly they need to  some servers who speak english . dont bother go to  inside the palazzo .
__label__pos  oldschool woodpaneled   in a  strip mall staffed by motherly waitresses serving obesityepidemicfuelingsized portions of all the regular brekkie foods . nnorder less than you think youll need ... trust me it will be more than enoughnnthe only bummer with this place is it closes at 3pm ... and who the hell is up and about before 3pm in vegas
__label__pos i  the lox omelet which was delicious the only downfall was how  my plate was that i couldnt  close to  it . the potato spuds were amazing and the pumpkin bread to  fornmy mom had the  omelet and she said it was really 
__label__neg  in las vegas for a few days and my husband and i decided to go  for breakfast .  this place near  . i had the corn beef hash which was quite good but the potatoes that came with it were like having home made  chips which is not exactly what i was looking to have for  . the place was very  very clean a little hard to find if you missed the sign you would  it . not sure if we are in town again that we would go back .
__label__pos my last night in vegas on memorial day  i headed here with  luke and had a blast .  the  who made it clear that he only works mondays and tuesdays he is sooooooooo cute ... treated  with such care that i am planning a trip back in july just to go say  . overall drinks were poured generously and the clientele was entertaining . of course by the time we ordered our 3rd cocktail we were  close to missing our  and had to slam it and run back to our hotel to pick up our luggage . unfortunately i didnt get to see the whole flex scene but hopefully next time . would i go back ... .oh hells yeah ...
__label__pos    donut.nnorder  and you wont regret it . thats all i have to say .
__label__pos schneller   . preisleistung  optimal . guter  fu00fcr subfans .
__label__neg i wanted to purchase my usual  pumice and  . i only had a 100 bill and three  bills . the pink haired cashier looked at me with no expression and said we dont have change with no offer of help to the change situation . i told her well i guess i wont be making a purchase today . then she tells me i can get change at the bar around the  . really sallys dont take cash sallys  are always  with an exception once in a while .  i will spend the  money and go to ulta where im sure my 100 will be excepted boo sally
__label__pos this is our favorite restaurant for korean food . prices are excellent especially when compared to other options for korean . we always  the spicy seafood soup very good and generous seafood portions . another  is the stone pot bibimbop perfect  of flavor and excellent texture in the crunchy  . the side dishes are also amazing .  is always quick and friendly . decor leaves much to be desired but we go for the  . i highly  this  .
__label__pos the prices are  than some of the other boba joints around and they offer some   on their menu . i sometimes opt for the smoothies  boba in them and theyre  and refreshing ... .kinda like old wham songs . you can also opt for less  in your drink which is  too
__label__pos so my boyfriend and i enter and the hostess takes us to a table because there are no booths but it was too cold for me and my bf so she said where ever we would like i sat by the sun for warmth but then i saw a booth became open we moved . in the bathroom its very nice it was messy and very cold also the mechanism sensor of the water flow didnt work very well and the  where you have to manually take the napkins out . didnt work so i came out asking for napkins of course they were very apologetic we sat at a booth with tammie when she came over there were no menus nor was the table clean because we have moved but they  set it up . tammie was  had a great smile always and tried to upgrade us but in a casual way where i didnt feel pressure we asked her opinion on dessert and she gave it to us.she asked us for refills and was very on top of her service . definitely would come back for the service we love tgif and its a routine for  .my  and i have  been to this one and we will be coming back . the only  ... the bathrooms 
__label__pos  their rosy duck .    if 8.99 half duck is 9.99 ... it is much larger and worth the 1. we get the duck everytime we go.nnlunch menu is decent . for 6.99 or so you get a drink eggroll soup wonton entree and fried rice . the entree i had beef and green pepper wasnt exciting or that great but i felt it was a good value . nnhouse crispy chicken is also amazing.. i will say the house chicken and   are v. similar so only order one or the other depending on your particular poultry craving that day .
__label__pos httpwww.ktnv.comnewslocal141554263.htmlnnclosing by the end of the month . usually i would be sad that another piece of my hometowns history is biting the dust but since this is a place that really just doesnt care about that i just feel really numb upon hearing this  . its still sad though . thankfully some free time is coming my way so i can pay this spot a visit.nnthe final verdict since i didnt do it last timennprosnout of the ordinary.nan independent drugstore something which is very very rare these days . nsells a wide variety of items.nvintage vegas photos and posters adorn the walls.nnconsngrungy.ni dont think i could stomach the diner and yet thats the part thats going to stay open . well isnt that like rain on your wedding daynnsuggestions make it a tourist attraction on one hand it could keep the place open and provide a tourist attraction that isnt so well typical for vegas . on the other hand it would stop being a secret and therefore lose its secret charm . nnwould i return absolutely shame the place is closing .
__label__neg this chapel is ghetto and incompetent . they charge extra fees for stuff and charge  to much for pictures and your not allowed to take your own pictures inside the  which is bogus since your paying so much to get married there in our case have your vows  there . they also charged us 50 to have my dad marry us why who knows its not like they had to do anything extra to have my dad stand up there . we also went back the next day to buy the overpriced 90 dvd of the marriage  an hr and they still could not find it had to leave and they said to come back later cause they were open till midnight . we came back around 930pm and then they decide to tell me after waiting another 20mins that the dvd guy left for the day i asked if they could call me and  me know if they find it since they said they record all the weddings yet my  in law  heard them say they werent recording ours and we dont get a dvd they told me no they could not  and never gave a reason which is all bull . they have crappy customer service and rude incompetent people on their staff .
__label__neg i wish i would have read the reviews before dining here . the truth is they deserve at least two stars for the wonderful food . there is no doubt about it those cheese fries onion rings and nachos were yummy and really hit the  . however if i had to rate the service it would be zero stars . we had to wait to be sat for almost twenty minutes and when we  into the restaurant there were  servers and only  guests . why did we wait outside so long we waited another 17 minutes and our server never came to our table i went and found the manager and told him that weve been waiting for way too long and we have no utensils and no server to take our order . the manager was really sweet and took our order at that moment and had the busboy bring us utensils . we  half of our meal before the waiter  according to our receipt finally  by and placed down the onion rings . he did not introduce himself we asked if he was our server and he rudely said yes and then left . the only other time we  him was when he dropped off our check with attitude.nnprepare yourself for a long wait terrible service but good food .
__label__neg  at this dennys was dismal . after  for 45 mins for breakfast at 10am the manager didnt even apologize for the food  late.nnfood was mediocre.nnlocation was pretty sketchy.nnonly go to this location if your  .
__label__neg worlds      of   gifts that can be found elsewhere on the strip . travel a little further to fremont street and youll find more similar items for much cheaper . also despite their size there are no bathrooms for patrons .
__label__pos  cow this was the fastest smog check ive ever done . it takes longer to fill up my gas than it took to get  here no  . they have   so the likelyness if having to wait is slim to none . nni was there for about 4 minutes total and 2 of them was waiting for the machine to charge my card . the guy was super nice and friendly . they are at a new location which now has bathrooms . apparently the previous location didnt . nnnot only do they give 90  to rescan for free if needed but if you go on their website you can get a coupon that you can just  them on your mobile to bring the price down to 13.99 19.99 regular price isnt bad either though . nnanyone who needs a smog check  to go here no questions asked
__label__pos this was my favorite  when i  in  . good beef  . a consistent kitchen preparing timehonored  .  gigante on the tv renders it  mu00e1s autu00e9ntico .
__label__neg when you use your amex credit  they make you pay the tip by cash so that the owners doesnt have to pay amex the  . not legal to  a customer to pay the tip in cash and not  it on your credit card.nnthe  sandwich was not the traditional sandwich . it was skimpy and the pork was not of a pernil style . when i  the plantains i only got 4 plantains and for the price it wasnt worth  for it .
__label__pos if you dont like these tacos youre smoking crack . my family from san  who are   had their  dropped by the freshness of this  . the only downside to this  is its location . kinda  area but not too  .
__label__neg i was excited to try this place because of the yelp reviews although we wanted to go to lotus of siam . we regret our decision.nnthe   was the best  we ordered . fried catfish was tasty but tad salty .  fried rice was good . the beef massaman was so sweet ... but its my first time having that dish so i dont know . but the biggest disappointment was the soft shell  ... it was  salty so salty my  was stinging . we had to consume so much rice to offset the heavily salted food . nni dont know if they used msg but we were so tired after the meal 4 of us  back to our hotel room and passed out . not going out like our original plan . it was saturday nightnni would not go back again .
__label__pos let me preface this review by saying that im not related to the owner nor do i have stock in this restaurant.nnmy family spent 6 days in vegas shoveling in buffet after buffet . i was in desperate need of korean food and i have pretty low  when it comes to  korean food . nevertheless i took my  with yelp and we stumbled across this place . nnwe ordered jjambong chicken cutlet dolsot  and some fish dish . the banchans came out first and it was very impressive . the main dishes came out and each dish was spot on . im not going to dissect each dish but each dish could have been its own restaurant.nnif you saw what i looked  you would trust my food review . nnthis is the first legitimate korean restaurant we have eaten at . this restaurant could definitely keep up with the popular  in ktown . nnif you come here and complain that the service was bad or the walls didnt meet your artistic needs ...  on . asian people arent known for their service so lets get over that aspect.nnif you are craving something spicy and tired of the omelette and meat stations give this place a try .
__label__neg the photos your photographer took at my brothers ceremony were absolute garbage . your photographer should go back to school and relearn the art of photography and a little basic info on photoshop because i took better pictures on my  rebel.. sad . my mom paid 100 for a group photo and your photographer was so  rude and made us feel we were inconvenicing him ... when that was your  ... you were providing a service and working for the couple who was getting married . your photographer did not even take a picture of the couple and their best manmaid of honor ... very little to absolute no editing was done on these photos and my brother and new sisterinlaw are very dissapointed about these photos and thats a darn shame because this should be one of the funnest parts of getting married seeing the after photos . our family  far apart and are not together often ... the most important photo we wanted to get was a decent family shot and you did a pathetic job a d effort . you made no effort with trying to get the kids to smile ... i do a better job in my sleep and am just a sahm with a  dslr . reverend was great but everything else was little to be desired ... the rule about no photos inside of the rings or boquet was obserd ... tip of advice place the rings on a decorative surfacea delicate fabric or on the boquet and use a zoom  ... a countertop is tacky ... wouldnt recommend to a friend ever which makes me sad because this place has such a good rep and we really really  expected so much more .
__label__pos i am not a person who likes to go to filipino restaurants to eat because my mom is the best  cook ever but i enjoyed the food and the experience here . the servercashier was very friendly and very  he had a smile on his face for every customer . he even told a couple of jokes and pointed to me where the the nearest goldilocks was . nnthe food was good it was a lot better than a  of other filipino restaurants ive tried . i ordered the pork adobo pancit palabok and bbq pork to go . all of it was good i especially liked the bbq pork that i would order again . they also serve you the food a  carte style so the best time to come is early when everything is still fresh . the  are huge too i had a good amount of leftovers . nnif i am ever back in vegas i am sure i will visit them again . they are very  and they  you feel very comfortable .
__label__pos want a true  style pizza  here ... best thing in town . love this place and the  .  service   and their  dressing is the best thing ever . i wish we lived closer but they deliver pretty much anywhere in town . nnlove you broadway
__label__neg parking in the mall is  . we  into the parking structure and was caught in a line of  that wouldnt  . after 15 minutes in a traffic jam without parking we decided to leave . and we couldnt get out . half an hour later after entering the traffic nightmare we are still unable to exit the parking lot . the folks they  to  traffic are not able to manage the traffic and pedestrians . my suggestion is to never come to this mall unless you can afford to  45  or more stuck in the parking traffic .
__label__neg cox communications is a dishonest arrogant self serving expensive company that i tell  to avoid . theyre advertisements are pure lies as to what you get when  a service . theyre price discounts last for only a short period of time and then you get hit with the full price which they hide and dont disclose . they make you buy bundles of crap tv channels in order to get the few  you want . they have recently improved their broadband internet speeds because centurylink is bringing in fiber 1 gig but before that you couldnt get anywhere near the  speed . the only  theyre still in business is because they bribe the local elected officials with massive campaign contributions to keep  out and advertise intensely  that they gave a pittance to a local charity . they block access to sites they dont want you to  to because theyre not their business cronies and they give preferential speed to their cronies and lie about it to cover it up . corrupt doesnt even begin to describe it .
__label__neg overall i rate starbucks very highly so for me to write a below 5 or 4 star review there must be a problem . i spend lots of money for coffee as this is my only bad  as i like to say . i know my coffee and i know my americanos.nfirst i ordered my standard grande americano . i lifted the lid and it looked like drip coffee . americanos if done right need to have to what appears like a thin layer of coffee froth called crema . its not only about the looks the crema shows that it was brewed right and the full flavor is in the cup . i indicated very politely to the barista that it wasnt done right and it needed crema and that i wanted another  . she had no clue what crema was and asked another baristaemployee . this time while she was not very rude but rude enough she said that if i make another one it will come out just like that i asked her if she knew what crema was and she looked at me as if i was some kind of a demanding crazy  . she got back and got somebody else because  i had created a big problem . now i am feeling uncomfortable . i asked for my money back since i see an unwillingness to make another one . the now even newer person perhaps a young on duty manager said that i was yelling while i was not . i might have spoken louder than normal but it was warranted and i was by no means yelling . i told her i am not yelling and she said yes you are she is now making everything worse at this point i had it.nit seems that the cocky attitude that some people in the medical field have like doctors carry over to these employees of since this starbucks is located near umc wowni frequent starbucks hundreds of time a year and like i said i know my americanos . the one near my home always makes them right ni called starbucks 800 to complain and their store will hear it from their district manager.ni even called back the store itself to let them know whom i had just  . granted the person that picked up the phone which might have been the manager was very apologetic and knowledgeable of crema but he didnt seem  what they do wrong while brewing these drinks either . no issue with him . nthey need to figure out how to make americanos right and be more accomondating to their costumers and not making one feel bad if all their  is for a better drink
__label__neg     awaynthese  are  o rude and try in any way to make an extra buck you can barely understand what they are saying and are fast to shut you up the waiter rushes you food is okay but the staff really make this place suck
__label__neg terrible terrible customer service . me and my boyfriend were in there a couple of days ago since i needed a new fix spray . i currently use benefit spray which is awesome but i also  to see if i could get a cheaper brand . well we werent greeted when we walked in but then again it was pretty busy so i let that slide . but as i was looking around trying to find where their fix sprays were one associate walked right by me maybe like a foot away from me and didnt ask if i needed help and pretended like she was busy with a basket of items in her hand . not wanting to bother her i looked around for other help but no one except the girls at the hair section seemed available . we wander  aimlessly for about 20 minutes until my boyfriend found an associate who was standing in the front middle section of the store writing something on a piece of paper . as i walked up to her i asked her excuse me and in the rudest tone ever and without looking up she says yes i was shocked by her rudeness but i went  and asked her for help anyway . she then looks up at me with the most irritated look on her face and says something along the lines of im not on the  right now so im gon na have to get someone else to help you . she then yells  across the whole store to this young man and told him to show us the urban decay brand of fix sprays . though this guy was nice i wasnt too happy when i asked him if there was another brand of spray that is a bit cheaper and he says oh we dont carry any other brand this is the only one we have . plus its the  one we have and i wouldnt recommend anything else . after i thanked him and he left i saw the benefit product section went over and saw that they had a bottle of fix spray that was cheaper than urban decay . i was irritated that he said they didnt carry anything else when clearly they did and was costing less . seeing as how my temper was getting bad and i didnt want to stay in the store any longer i got in line purchased my spray and left . i have never left a business as angry and offended as i was here . and as for the rude associate who helped us i did not  her name but i think she was a manager of some sort . i would not advise anyone to shop at this location unless you want to be met with short unprofessional and snappy behavior and amateur employees.nnedit actually the benefit product i mentioned is a facial rehydrating mist but can also double as a fix spray . nevertheless i believe the male  should have shown me other options instead of telling me that urban decay was their only brand .
__label__neg the closest beauty store to my house but not a  i enjoy shopping at and wont be going back to . the few  i have shopped there i am reminded why i dont  to  back . you dont really get a sense of an  shopping experience when security is roaming around and employees are too busy  their own lipstick or chatting with themselves looking to busy to be bothered . the store is always out of what i need mainly smash box foundation . the employees dont seem to be knowledgeable with matching and products and are never offering to help me i always have to ask one of them for help . each time i shop there the line to checkout is always ridiculously long with only two or three sales people ringing up customers . i usually wait at least fifteen  to find out my coupon never applies to my products . i decided that having an  card is completely pointless and have since thrown away . try your makeup luck elsewhere .
__label__neg i have been to pin kaow  times and the food is very good . however i went there  night at 925pm and immediately upon walking in the manager told me the restaurant will be closing in 15 minutes . clearly on the front door it says they close at 10pm . however the real issue is they should have been much more accommodating to any customer especially a regular customer . instead they unnecessarily turned down business . i went to gaati thai restaurant  after and they were much more accommodating and have much better food . they also close at 10pm and even though i  there at 945 they  set up a table and did not rush the meal at all . nni will never go back to pin kaow and will no longer recommend it to friends and family . that is thousands of  lost for their lack of customer service and decency .
__label__pos we have eaten here since 1999. there were a few years that we avoided this sushi bar because the food was subpar . we started eating here sporadically about 3 years agoi and it was hit or miss . about  months they hired two incredible sushi chefs . ryan is one of the two chefs and he is still there . there are two things that get you better sushi in this restaurant first get to know the  thin japanese lady in her late fortiesearly  and second talk to the chefs and get to know them . ryan is a great chef and if you tell him what kinds of fish you like he will make you the most exquisite dishes . there are a few places that might have better sushi but they are not ayce all you can eat . i would much prefer to come to yoko and pay them 2025 per person for ayce instead of paying 200250 for the few other places in town that  have a slight better  . nntell ryan what kind of fish and how  you like it and i guarantee you will be  .
__label__pos weve used this company in the past and were totally satisfied . so when my husband took a shower in the master tub last night and the tub filled with water that wouldnt drain and the guest bathroom tub almost overflowed ... .he called vegas plumbing again . the house is old my husband and i were stressed out over our plumbing situation and thinking we would have to break out our piggy bank and then some didnt help . my husband had to go to work and didnt like the idea of me having to deal with this alone either . he called around 1230 or 100 p.m. and the office said someone would be at our house between 2 and 5 p.m. so right around 145 p.m. the  rings and carl the plumber is here . that is fast service carl worked very hard  the tub and checked all my  regarding the problem and answered any questions i had .  was very nice and courteous and didnt treat me as the airhead wife he explained exactly what was going on ... very professional . he even cleaned the tub and area in which he worked . i held my breath as i asked to see the bill and was able to  as it was a very  price for all the hard work . i  i wont have to call again ... .but if i do it will be to  plumbing and i can highly recommend them .
__label__neg racist against white people or possibly just everyone except black people i wouldnt go here if i were you unless youre black and you love terrible food . asians latinhispanic native anything else steer clearnnsince ive lived in vegas ive had problems with finding good food off the strip that i dont have to shell out hundreds for . this means that sometimes i go to a chain restaurant which generally i prefer not to do.nnalso ive never before accused an entire establishment of being racist nor have i ever asked for any part of my meal to be comped until this visit to applebees.nnif you are of european descent i wouldnt recommend going here . if you are a college student and your writing a paper on experiencing racism this may be a good place to do some research if youre white.nnambiance 2 its just applebees casually comfortable except for that feeling that if it werent illegal youd be the victim of a hate crime.nnservice sht show . i hope the fck better than they make food serve food bus dishes and manage restaurants.nnfood not sure if this qualifies as food.nnlet me elaborate . im a white female only parent to a half latin  little six year old girl.nnon my daughters birthday i brought her to applebees bc my daughter always wanted to have the staff at a restaurant sing to her on her birthday . it was a busy evening in may . i worked all day and was exhausted so at this point i was tired and  spoken but totally patient and reasonably friendly as you should be to the people who handle your food.nna couple came in behind us with a child . theyre africanamerican . they were seated in the booth directly across from us . also all of the staff that we worked with that evening were africanamerican.nnwithin two minutes of being seated we had decided on our drink and food orders . our server came to take our drink order and i informed her it was my daughters birthday . then 15 minutes later she showed back up with  . we made our food order and shortly after that the family in the booth across from us were being served their food . we waited for about another 30 minutes and then they brought our food . about this time the family across from us were getting their bill and getting ready to leave . nni ordered a steak . it was totally disgusting . it was so greasy my whole plate was like a pool of grease  with a little blood . every time i cut into the steak more grease would come running out . also it was strangely seasoned . it was like they took my steak and dipped it in the gutter of the grill where they sweep all the extra grease and debris off the grill in between cooking each item . it was too gross to eat . if i wouldve eaten it im pretty sure i wouldve needed emergency gall bladder surgery that night.nnmy daughter ordered the grilled cheese . there is not a grilled cheese this child wont eat except the one from applebees on this particular night . she said it was gross . i told her to just wait to have them sing happy birthday to her and then we would go . while we were waiting my daughter needed to use the restroom . we went to the restroom and when we got back our table had been completely cleared . the busser was still there . i looked at her . we had even left my daughters backpack at the table so it wouldnt appear as though wed left . the busser asked if we wanted our food back no thank you then the waitress brought our check . i told her our food was terrible and we didnt want to pay for it . she checked and came back and said she could only remove the charge for my daughters meal 5. that still left a 20 balance for my steak and a beer . i told her i didnt mind paying for the beer after all i did drink it but that i wasnt going to pay for the food . the manager came over and aksed what he could do . i told him i didnt want to pay for the inedible food i didnt eat . he said he couldnt refund it so i paid the bill and left . i also reminded them that they forgot to sing to my daughter . they  after we paid if we still wanted them to we both just wanted to leave.nni called the restaurant when we got home and told the manager that if he didnt refund my bill i would go to the manager over him and tell them about our experience . he said he would gladly give us a meal credit to come back . i was like youre kidding right . he said if i wanted to take the weekend to think about it we could come back in the next few days and eat free . we passed . he agreed to refund our balance to my debit card which he never did.nngo to outback steakhouse its just down the  and the service and food are way  .
__label__neg this is literally the closets  to my house so im in here probably once a week . i pretty much go there to buy a few necessities and a 12 pack of soda or what have you and pretty much every time i leave hating that place even more . first off the parking lot is a total clusterfck . the front of that store is a damn near death trap . theres always a ton of people trying to  the one lane in front of the store thats barely two cars wide . then you always have cart collectors pushing carts everywhere and even if they have full time cart gatherers theres always carts everywhere nn i think this is the oldest and smallest walmart in las vegas and it pretty much shows . i think the population has since exploded from the time this place opened to now and this store is not equipped for it . plus this area is pretty ghetto and theres always a few bums standing in front of the  asking for change and theres always that one family with 5 kids that make going to walmart a field trip and clog up the already congested aisles . nn the selection here is pretty basic . they dont have a full  section so youre pretty much left with all packaged stuff like chips sodas  canned stuff and cereals . the electronics section is pretty basic also . the got a wall of tvs a small case of 3 laptops they might be stocking  or four cases for the games one aisle of dvds and they dont seem to have a designated bluray section . the only blurays are usually in a display stand outside of the electronic section . clothing mens clothing to be exact is pretty bad . they pretty much have a few basics like khakis polo shirts and some athletic stuff but thats pretty much it . i remember i wanted to buy some wife beaters once and i went to the section and couldnt figure out whether or not they even carried them . i remember it looked like there was some haynes display and they broke that down and just threw them on a shelf with no prices or anything . nn i usually try to go to the selfcheckout when im there but those usually take as long as going to a regular line . it usually because people freakin  to ring up 75 items at the damn selfcheck and half the time people dont know how to use the damn machine . nn customer service is nonexistent but its walmart and you should expect that by now . if you want to go to a walmart go to any one but this one . really the only people that go to this  are people that live near by it like myself .
__label__pos update they sell their goods at mario batalis market on  and fresh52 market on sundays in henderson . they dont sell their bread at the location listed above.nnthe skinny oh my god ... white chocolatecinnamon brioche 5.nnbought a white choclatecinnamon brioche loaf today for 9. i  thought id say this but it is worth every penny . the smell of baked cinnamon  just wafts within 10 ft of the loaf . its a  brioche than what im used to but still really good . i also suspect it will make killer french toast.nnalso got a nice multigraincranberry batard for  but gave it  to a friend . let me  you shes a great friend or else i would have kept it for myself . will have to try this next week .
__label__pos   ...    the  wings were  weak . the chili on my nachos were spicier than the  . but for all the other goodness it maintains its fourstar rating .
__label__neg   ... ... a    100 to deliver a  especially being that your traveling and have been a customer for several years . they should do the right thing and  it for no charge . i called them to see if i could get them to waive the fee i was sure i would be able to get that accomplished and spoke to the branch manager and she was less than helpful and almost downright rude . kept saying i am not trying to be difficult oh yeah well than do the right thing and make it happen . especially for someone who has been a customer for years . we never pay for delivery in phoenix . she said the only thing we could do is pay the delivery charge or someone would need to come down to pick it up before 5. she had the odasity to say something like if it is that important to you you should pay the  . ... ..totally disgusting way to do business .
__label__neg i  i could       from this place . i went there 20 days ago . the doctor gave me a prescription that lasted 3 days . at that time they drew blood and was told that the results will be sent to my primary care physician within a week . i just called today inquiring about my lab results as my doctor has not received it . the person on the phone acted like i was bothering him and told me without even looking at my records that it normally takes up to 1 month to get lab results . i then asked if he  at least look was agitated by this some how and said that he does not have time to look right now but took my name and number and said that someone will call me when they can get to it.nnabsolutely absurd
__label__neg the  35  just to  the   bad  bad attitude   .
__label__neg the  ran business in  vegas . i  a scratch on a bumper to be buffed and painted . the man said 1 day ... .well four days later they are still not done . heres the best  . they  to have a loaner car . the car wouldnt even  into gear and is a danger to drive not only to the  but the general public . i arrive on the 4th day to pick up the car they said its still not done and to come back in 3045 minutes . no call ahead to let me know that it would be a  wait . oh yea they only take cash and dont tell you until your car is already in their position . they will charge you just as much as a legit body ran properly so dont waist your time .
__label__pos pts also has great food not just drinks i love their chicken wings i come here often when i dont want to go to a club and would rather enjoy a chill  with music and a  drinks . their  tabs are a blast when i come with  and we challenge each to some  competition .   atmosphere . you cant  wrong coming here .
__label__pos these  were fantastic . i called  an estimate and used the yelp  which  me 40 on my service . we just moved here and needed new  cut for our mailbox . they were here exactly on  wooowwww . he did his  quick and efficiently and charged me exactly what i was quote over the phone  .
__label__pos great    by the lake had a great experience with a  massage .  priced .  better than  to the overpriced red  spa . i will be back
__label__neg good doctor but  care . nndr . swainstons  is horribly managed . from three hours waits for appointments to forgetting to send prescriptions to the pharmacy to forgetting to follow up on positive lab test results and forgetting that you are there for an appointment they are the worst run medical practice i have ever seen . nni understand that some of the problem may stem from the fact that dr. swainston is a good surgeon and he has a busy practice . but lots of doctors have busy practices yet they have adequate competent staffing . you can never get access to him and its almost impossible to even get the attention of a nurse . you have to double check everything that is being done as they promise to do things and then do it wrong or never do it at all . you have to constantly be on hold only for them to take a message and then not bother calling you back . nnfor a prescription that was supposed to have several refills authorized i had to call nurse to get it called twice without a call back and finally gave up trying to get the nurse . i got an appointment to see the doctor to try to get it filled get told that they had sent it in and that pharmacy had made a mistake told me they would resend it to make sure never sent it had to wait for 4 days over a long weekend to get a nurse to call me back to try to get it authorized . why does it take over a half dozen phone calls and an additional doctor visit to follow up just to get one prescription that was supposed to have refills already to get written properly why does it have to take 6 hours out of my life to get one prescription properly fillednnthis is just one example . nni had a surgery with dr.  several months ago . i had a lot of complications . and i believe that all of them were due to the fact there was not proper care before and after the surgery . so does it matter how good a surgeon is if the precare and postcare is crappy i suffered needlessly for months due to their bad care . nnif you have any other choice avoid this  . hes  but his team is clearly overwhelmed andor does not care enough to improve the  it gives its patients . its just not worth it . its really a nightmare dealing with them . i am so glad i no longer need to deal with their practice again .
__label__neg nevada orthopedic and spine is horrid . i went to the stephanie office with my elderly mother who needs a shot in her knee of gel to help her walk . the  shot went alright but as we came 6 months  to get the  shot in both knees the process was just  . we have been waiting for more than a month to have them get the  for her she has 2 insurance companies and still no return calls . the assistant to dr. kestrup mabel is rude as well as condescending to me and my mother and the other assistant to dr. kestrup is cynthia who does not ever call us back . the patient advocate is not a patient advocate because she doesnt call you back either . the office is  and has a large number of doctors who i believe are not worried about the patient but worried about how much money they can get . nnif you are looking for an orthopedic doctor do not i repeat do not  to nevada orthopedic and spine they are horrid . i have called the office over 10 times and left  and no answer . nnthey are not interested in patient care but the bottom line .
__label__pos  going   the  zucchini its amazing great service and great  the  are huge you can not beat the price . we will definitely be returning and  it to  .
__label__pos always make a 7 am appointment for  tests and  get called in within 5  of appointment time . consistently good . we always go to the location at lake mead and buffalo . staff is pleasant and competent.nof course today i called to get the results and was told that one test was still pending . the  didnt receive the specimen until after midnight today despite the fact that the  draw was  at 7 am yesterday . thats the last time i make an  for a friday .notherwise i recommend this location highly .
__label__neg just  a   a    .   .
__label__neg needed to replace a dead battery previously purchased at this   . technician was not  in any way and resistant to anything my husband had to say regarding the battery not  a charge . i  that az has a policy about testing the battery prior to replacement and thats fine . the problem was this guy insisted that they had charge the battery before they could  it . my husband had already had it on the charger and it wouldnt hold a charge . we told him this but thats not  enough apparently . charging the battery takes one hour and we didnt have that much time . he should have swapped out the battery based on his test and the fact that we already charged it . nnlong  short we left and went to another az where the battery was promptly replaced . customer service is lacking at the jones az .
__label__neg the food was good . prime rib was the  there . but as the other reviewers mentioned this  lacks management . the lady behind the  katelynn was very unprofessional . she had what appeared to be multiple groups of  come and go as we ate . she gave them all unlimited drinks and seemed to be joining in the  with them . she flirted with men and i also heard her talking of going out after work with them . the cook was in  the entire time and seemed to be great at his  . get rid of the corruption there and it  be perfect prices are decent too .
__label__neg i called this particular pep boys and asked how much it would cost for an oil change.. they said 32.95. so i went and  my car off  to pick it  up only to get charged an  20 for labor  . they shouldve disclosed all costs that i was going to be charged over the phone . i   somewhere else if youre looking for an oil change . that was an extremely shady tactic not  everything i wouldve been charged .
__label__pos i like this place its quiet the place is  and laid out well.. the slot selection is awesome to boot and hell i  the little grand cafe to grab lunch and the waitress was nice enough to  me the 9.99 special for a steak with mashed potatoes and greens.. got ta say was the best steak i ever had at 10 seriously  other places that  double.. on top of it being a nice place i won  easily paying for my lunch and dinner later on that night stations are great  they dont try to be anyone else but themselves and treat you right .
__label__neg im only giving this one star because i cant give it less on the review site . this is the worst salon service ive ever gotten . i purchased a groupon for a manipedi combo . i went with a group of friends while we were on vacation in vegas . we werent greeted at the door and no one offered us anything to drink at all . weird for a salon . the woman doing the nails arrived late to the appointment for one of us and then didnt know how to remove her gel nail polish . after she couldnt do it she made my friend remove it herself . and at the end she tried to charge her an extra 10 dollars for it . while she was doing another of my friends nails she kept popping chocolate into her  . how unsanitary is that gross . she finally told us we could help ourselves to their awesome espresso machine but it was two dollars and if we wanted soda itd also cost us . first time someone at a salon has ever tried to  me for a drink . well after she was done stuffing her face with  bons she got around to actually doing my friends nails . she told us we couldnt do boring colors because it wasnt vegas enough . um last time i checked we were paying you for the service . not your decision . my friend had a hangnail and the bonbon tech lady decided to put superglue on it but she didnt want to stick a pin in the top of the superglue spout to clear it out because she didnt  to hurt herself so she made one of us do it . classy . then she stuck superglue all over my friends cuticle which she spent the rest of the night removing . during the pedicure portion for my friend she actually made her legs bleed with the scrubbing she did . yikes . and when my friend told her shed bought a dress for a grey dress for a night out the bonbon lady told her that grey is an ugly  . professional all the way . when one of my friends complimented my purse the bonbon lady said thats a grandma purse . excuse me who asked you my appointment with her started half an hour late . she cut my cuticles so bad that one of my fingers bled the rest of the night . i didnt even get the full pedicure because we didnt have time because we had tickets to see a show that night which we werent able to make on time anyway . nnsome other fun things from our posare salon visit bonbon lady kept answering her phone during our nail services . complained that her son  really really goodlooking kept bringing home one fat girl after another . bonbon lady wasnt exactly supermodel weight herself ... the equipment wasnt nice either . the pedicure chairs were old and  and the manicure tables looked like they needed a good  down with a disinfectant.nnto sum it up this was the absolute worst experience ive ever had at a salon . supercuts is classier than this place was . this place needs tabatha coffey to visit it because thats the only way id ever visit it again .
__label__neg dr. adams is a wonderful doctor . she is extremely caring attentive and  . if this review were just for her adequacy as a physician i would have given her  stars . carly dr. adams admin is also a joy to speak with . she goes above and beyond her call of duty and will to try to help you in every way possible . nnthe  main points that deserve a negative yes extremely subpar rating arenn1 . the wait time . im not sure how her staff  her patients however i have never had to wait any  than an hour for any of my scheduled appointments . i once had an appointment at 930 and did not get called back for my vitals until 1140 ... absolutely ridiculous.nn2 . her nurse yolanda . let me preface this by saying that i am an rn . i fully understand just how hectic and chaotic a busy physicians office can get at times . yolanda has an extremely poor attitude ... im honestly shocked as to why she ever considered employment in the medical field . yolanda is rude uncaringunsympathetic and lazy . i am on various medications so i have to come into contact with this nurse a great deal and  single time she is extremely rude and uncaring . it is to the point where as much as i love dr. adams i am considering switching primary care physicians due to yolanda.nnas i stated earlier if this review were just for dr. adams herself i would give her a 5star rating however the wait time and her nurse yolanda really bring her practice down .
__label__neg theyre open until 8 pm for  so i showed up around 720 and it took an hour . i understand showing up right before a place closes to expect that but it was 40 minutes before closing one guy started cleaning the floors instead of working on my car and the guy who was at the beginning of the car wash finally came and cleaned my car at 756 pm ... four minutes before they were suppose to close . dont really see the point in  open  when you  more about going  than finishing cleaning my car . the wash was fine but i always feel  im waiting on the workers at freddies rather than just waiting for my car to be clean in a timely manner . maybe you need  on site or something
__label__neg yesterday two coworkers and i got 18 tee times at desert rose which we had deemed a steal . wed never been but i knew that it was the oldest course in las vegas . its also in a dire state of emergency frankly im surprised its still operating . i live on the  side near unlv which is no utopian paradise by any means . so when i say that the neighborhood surrounding the course is sketchy i mean bombed out and on the verge of being condemned . there were more boardedup houses on the entrance road than i could easily count . somewhere around the 7th hole a kid in a neighboring house was yelling at us while we were teeingoff in an attempt to distract us . i believe it was the 16th hole where a gentleman in front of us intentionally drove a ball into another neigboring house we assumed for similar circumstances . and not  which hole it was where someone had their home stereo cranked to 11 blasting some sort of favela crunk . nnenough of the fun stuff lets talk about the course there is a dry wash that cuts through desert rose which is literally a trash dumping site . see my photos . this starts at the first hole and continues through most of the course . there is also a creek with actual water running through it a flowing trash heap and dozens of ducks hanging around the first two holes duck  covers the greens . the fairways have a 20foot wide swath of  grass leading up to the greens everything else is brown dead dusty mess . my bag literally emanated a dust cloud when i smacked it at the end of the day . there are two areas where the golf cart goes through concrete flash flood sewer areas covered with grafitti . it looks and feels like the inspiration behind a red hot chili peppers song . nnthere are two holes where the signs have been stolen most of the bunkers dont have rakes either assumed they were also stolen . i believe it was the 13th or  hole that was literally a construction site tractors caution tape sewer pipes which required driving the cart off road into the drainage ditch . one bonus was that whenever i sliced and lost a ball in the drainage ditch abyss i usually found 23 other lost balls to replace it . we chatted with an older gentleman looking for his ball on the other side of the ditch he said i think it may have landed in this trash heap . when was the last time you said that at a golf course nnonto the positive part of the review . the clubhouse was fairly comfortable had some great deals on gear we bought some balls and tees and had great food in my opinion . the bartenderserver was professional and attentive . im a  of vintage vegas which is why i wanted to try this course i also want to try national i hope its better but in this case its fallen into neglect . for another 1012 bucks you can find teetimes at boulder city muni or an  course like desert willow .
__label__neg  impression of the place walking into a doctors office with horrific overhead lights . no one at the reception desk to greet you no where to really sit . once inside the massage  were dark cool and clean which was a relief and the massage i received was good but its still an  place . i added a body scrub to my massage  and strangely enough there was no shower to rinse off afterwards .  scrubs should be done in a wet room not a dry massage room . so i left feeling little bits of scrub on me and  for the  of the  .
__label__pos loved the peking duck wonderful flavor and they do an excellent   . i had to ask for napkins and rice both times ive gone waitstaff is pretty  . got the kung  chicken the second time and it gave me a pretty severe case of upset stomach ... but the duck was so good id go back . the tea was tasty.nnwhat i would consider traditional chinese atmosphere they put me next to the  feature when i was dining alone . incredible amount of white noise would probably not be good for  unless you are  some kind of mobster deal .
__label__pos  this  . the   were  .  i would  recommend the messy  .
__label__neg i can not speak of their stylist ability as they decided to close early . i  at the door that they locked 35 mins early .  . the manicurist chose to ignore my knocking but the customer there said something to her and  my  . i obtained their  number and  . the woman who answered apologized for locking the door and said she would come let me in . however as she opened the door for me she  and said we closed for the day . sorry . o.o  service .
__label__neg this place has no  sense . just made a  of  today and they wouldnt let me leave the store with by cart  of  . instead they made me make 5 trips to my car citing a cart theft problem .  . go to tj  marshalls instead . better deals and they  you take you stuff to your car .
__label__neg pricey for a very limited menu which gives a lot of rice for sushi and rolls.nnwent here for ayce . the service was pretty good it was fast . the server automatically split the  for my group so that earned them an extra star . the sushi was nice and big but so was the amount of rice underneath it . n nthe  menu is very  for 22.95 for lunch . there was no sea urchinuni they said it was only available for dinner but it wasnt even on the menu . mochi ice cream for desert was not included either . desert was plum ice cream mochi ice cream red bean ice cream and orange  . i mean really not  a 1 piece  on mochi ice creamnnthe rolls that were ordered had a lot of rice . not too  filling . at least the fried oysters and shrimp tempura was pretty good . the ahipoke was more like cucumber and seaweed salad with a couple pieces of ahipoke . that dish definitely did not capture the essence of what ahipoke is . nneven though this place is a convenient location near my side of town the best all you can eat sushi is still sushi mon on maryland parkway in the south part of las vegas . they have the best variety and stay  to sushi .
__label__neg saw the  cent  advertisement while  on the strip with some friends so we trekked it over at 2 in the morning . nn   they taste   when you  them in the morning
__label__neg    are not good and the  arent even that hot . would highly  not  here . i personally will   back
__label__pos the food was  . i didnt expect to get good vietnamese food in las vegas ... this  totally  us . i came here with a  group including some of my uncles and aunts . you know how vietnamese elderlies are they are picky . and yet they were happy with the  here . they love it . we had pho hu tieu bun  bun bo hue korean short  over tomato rice . all of them were  .
__label__pos pretty   in considerations of where it is  on the  map.nbeen coming here for years  time i go to vegas and the  spot for a  cure.nnservice is quick all around from entering to exiting .
__label__pos    vietnamese  i   . been  here alot actually this past year and some occasions well visit twice in our trip.nnpho broth is very tasty meats are fresh . mi soup broth is great as well they give u so many wontons . 2 sizes but both bowls are massive . favorite dish there is com tam bi cha suong nuong . the pork chop is tendergreat flavor compared to other spots and their egg cha is superb . i normally am unimpressed with egg cha at other places even tho i love it so its awesome that im able to enjoy it again . and their bi is not overly dry which is great . nnthe restaurant is big and their turn around time for tables are quick even though they get busy alot.nnservice is a hit or miss . i mean its a  restaurant ur not gon na be catered in royalty . just expect your first requests for items to not come and be patient to flag them or someone else down for it again .
__label__neg i cant believe im giving polish deli  stars . i used to love this  . alas something has gone horribly wrong . rows and rows of empty shelves . diminished selection . what happenednni used to stop by polish deli regularly . then i got lazy and ended up just going to euro delicacies because it was  to my house . in the interim  euro delicacies has surpassed them with selection of polish goods . polish deli still has the  selection of pierogi and polish meats in town but thats not saying much.n nyou can  pick up polish teas overthecounter drugs and wedel chocolates something i havent seen elsewhere in town which are in the refrigerators because its like  degrees in the store . ill still stop by for my blueberry pierogi and kapusta czerwona red cabbage  but then again maybe i wont . seriously depressing .
__label__pos dr. singel and his staff did a wonderful job i  to see him about a bone  and pathalogical fracture and he was in the room with me  10 minutes of my appt time and he had already  my info and checked out the mri films i  . he  exactly what i needed and  me to an excellent orthopedic surgeon to get my foot taken care of . his office was super quick in putting in the referral to my insurance company . they were  knowledgeable and professional and didnt keep me sitting around . thanks dr. singel
__label__neg find another loan officer quickly.nnmy loan officer not only was condescending and rude at  id have her on speakerphone so i had witnesses to her attitude her interruptions and her inconsistencies but forgot several key elements that held up my close . she did not order the appraiser who mandated repairs be made to come back she never let me know the charges of the appraisals until after my card was charged without my permission she sent me to the underwriter without ever reading the report that stated that several documents were missing and then blamed it on  else then finally was so rude with me i hung up on her  my realtor and told him if she contacted me again i was reporting her to the board.nntoday i get notice that my homeowners policy she arranged with an insurance company canceled my policy a condition of my mortgage and is sending me the refund of the difference . apparently my loan officer dropped that ball too.nni was told several times that without her id be dead in the water due to a bankruptcy eight years ago and a late student loan payment four years after that due to a divorce and frozen assets and that without her i wouldnt have a loan . oddi then talked to two other loan officers at two other places who couldnt understand why the loan officer had me pay 30 for court docs none of them needed bc it was eight years ago and after seven no one really looks at it . nnshe was incompetent i  continue to have to deal with the pieces from her dropping the ball she was rude she cost me money and  . ohand even after the delay of escrow where i did not get  guess who didnt adjust the interest you guessed it . when your realtor has to go down to the office to try to fix things you know you have a bad deal . nngo elsewhere . anywhere .
__label__neg i have been to this school a few times to take tests and they way they do things is very old fashion i must say for vegas . computers i thought were taking over the world well i hope so since that is where my  lies.nnso you do your paperwork at the front which is filled with young adults that dont really know what they are doing . they sit there and ask each other for help . i dont know what that is all about . do they get paid or this is for credits nnthey make you fill out paperwork and then send you over to the cashier . the cashier knows what they are doing at least . then the cashier gives you a piece of paper saying you paid for your test and then you walk back over to the front desk to show them the piece of paper . is anyone following how time  and old fashion this is nnok so i  to a different address . i know i have to be there early so i can change my address before my test . i give proof of address with a bill in hand but they say i dont need that . so then i give my i.d . to them which also has my new address on it . he takes it and goes scans it i guess to put it in my file . they make me filled out new paperwork . then once that is all done i head to the testing room and even tell the teacher i have a new address . she writes it down . on my test it asks if i had any changes since my last test and theres a option for new address . i check it . i even filled it out on the test . now i am  confident my results will get to my new address.nnone month later i still havent gotten my results in the mail yet . i was patient enough and decided to call to see what was going on . the young male adult that answered the phone kept putting me on hold to look for my test and when i took it . nnso he finds my paperwork and starts reading off my old address . i started laughing in frustration . i explained what i went through that morning to make sure everything was going to be sent to me . i wasnt mean or nasty with him . laughed a lot thought because i couldnt believe this was happening . i asked if he could changed it over the  and that was of  no . i must go back to the school and change my address and also get my test results there too . nnso my scanning of my i.d . was  and all the new sheets i filled out were just gone he also tells me that he would of remember scanning my i.d . because he was there that day of the test . nni hung up on him . i couldnt take it anymore . he made me look like i was lying . how frustrating is that . nnso i am still in the unknown about my results . i havent been able to make it down to the school since i dont have a car . its really not easy to get to in my situation . nni am finding another school quickly . will not give them anymore of my money nnthanks csn for all the drama .
__label__pos    wings in  .   football this is the place to be to  the  .
__label__neg so    on   . one   likes the next at this joint . the white chicken is anything but . cathay was once  of the best in town . not any more . as they say no more business from me to you
__label__neg these two stars are  for ambiance and fantastic food . service is  at  pool is free but the only thing more broken than the pool sticks is the  tables themselves . the beer selection is the worst for someone who values good beer thank you but if my elite choice is a  hat  ... even being with in  distance to my house and the choice for my gambling induced  i would never go here and rarely do .
__label__pos while this is no pebble beach this course is beautiful and the pricing is very competitive when i am not  i walk this course almost nightly with my dog because it is a beautiful  in the las vegas desert the exercise is nice too . the course tours the player through the entire rhodes ranch residential development with recurrent water features beginning on the 3rd hole . nnthe greens are challenging with hazards and roughs found on every hole but also with wide open fairways to  the newer players morale up . the pro staff are incredibly friendly and almost every golf package includes  free draft beers you can never go wrong with thatnnthe course was looking unusually ragged this summer but it reopens from over seeding tomorrow and is a  rich  again . if you are a golfer the membership can not be  . around 30month with free  use and cart fee only greens fees in the mornings and afternoonsnnthis is a great course and i doubt anyone who plays it will be disappointed
__label__pos very  filet . service was  ... others  their  rib and short ribs . only complaint was too much  on the  . would  if youre in  .
__label__neg on  occasion i have stopped at this location to  and for the past five  every time i try and use my chevron credit to save money the automatic credit card for chevron is unable to authorize purchase . recently i drive an additional 2  on durango and i have no problem at all using my chevron credit  . nnun doubly   has a scam going with all of there location.nnbeware
__label__pos wow .  food.counter service only wedfri .   staff .    .
__label__pos  this place up on a weekend trip to pa. first off let me explain that up until 1996 this place was a church and a beautiful one at that . even though they brew their own been on the former alter store their liquor in the old  and make their pizza  where the old organ used to play they  all the stained glass high ceilings and rose window from this place . while i did feel somewhat sinful eating and drinking there my experience here was excellent . nnwe had been drinking all day so that did not stop there . nice mix of homemade beers from pilsner to stout . gf ordered a french onion soup that was delicious . table ordered a white pizza with chicken and  which was decent . customer service was excellent here . i joked with the server that for working at a place like this her penance would be that she had to carry around the extra heavy menus . she  on commented how it was tough with 10 toppers . the mgr phil saw i was wearing a chicago bears shirt and start making fun of it with  employee . of course i started jawing back and forth with him . he came over to the table and was very friendly . he comped a round of drinks and i asked him where i could buy some of their pint glasses see photo glass says on the 8th day man created beer . he came back with 4 glasses for our table on the house . saved me the trouble of having to steal them . haha . nnif you can get past the place that this place used to be a church you are in for a  at this place . i would recommend it to all .
__label__neg good prices nice decor  food . i only ate here once traveling from california . got the fresh spring rolls and moarn chha kyei vegetables in a spicy ginger sauce . the  rolls were ok but nothing to rave about . the ginger dish was the blandest  ive  had in a se asian restaurant . i mean there wasnt a  of spice or heat and there was only the  trace of gingernni am hesitant to hazard a guess as to how a well reviewed cambodianthai restaurant can serve such bland fare maybe folks  pittsburgh dont do spice . maybe my palette has been spoiled in the bay area by real thai cuisine . whatever the reason i cant recommend this place based on the one meal i had there .
__label__pos    for     like a bit much but the duquesne incline wrapped in so much history and legend receives no funds from any municipal body so it relies on ticket sales and souvenirs to stay afloat.nnso if it takes that from me to keep this thing going strong from 1877now then so be it.nnbut i almost knocked off a star for charging for parking . sure its only 1 but its 1 on an unmaintained dirt lot . itd also be nice if credit cards were accepted for incline tickets but cashonly is sort of the nature of the beast with places  this . were just lucky some folks with cash were kind enough to give us the few dollars we needed and have us venmo them the amount on the spot . thank heaven for venmo.nnyou cant beat the view . the whole thing is touristy but who cares right
__label__neg  years ago this may have been a great restaurant . i dont think the  has changed since then . that  have also been when they  the fresh vegetable boat . while the view was great it is one that can be found in any of the upscale  on mt washington .  they couldnt seat us for the 700 reservations that we requested . oddly we were the only ones there at 730. not a  sign on a friday  ...
__label__neg  specials.naverage food.npoor service.nvery  even on a weekday in the summer time .
__label__pos joe mamas is a great  to go for comfort   italian . i   the same dish which is the  crusted chicken which is very filling and  priced for the amount of food given . additionally the  is always great
__label__neg  these     looked like homeless   
__label__pos  middleeastern place near cmu.ni usually get the vegetarian special which is box with rice hummus and baba ganoush and bread . they also have awesome sleek which is this awesome concoction of kale onions and beans.. tried it for the first time today and loved it.nthe owner seems to really care about his food ... always reminds me to hold box the right way when i get takeout..  like he really knows his middleeastern food.nawesome place but a  on the pricier end i could get a more diverse platter of food for cheaper at the middleeastern  at margaret morrison st .
__label__neg  sausage      made with feeling . that almost  me go to two stars or but my family was just so disappointed overall that im sticking with one star . nnambiance kitchy italian knick knack filled dining room which is a little over the top but fun . no problemsnnservice was terribly . so slow . we arrived before 9 and it was 950 before anyone took our order and then only because we flagged down someone . our waiter was nowhere to be seen in this half filled not busy restaurant . nnmeal comes with salad . could be yummy but we cant say since ours never came . nnentrees included that yummy  but also cold dense ricotta noodles other yelps raved over this dish so huh maybe the chef was asleep or we were getting the final dregs of the day . unclear . nngot the bill . they charged us for blue cheese on the salads we never got . huh again didnt correct the bill but offered us free tiaramusu which also never came . huh . nnwe called and complained and the owner seemed nice and apologetic but stilll ... .nnone star .
__label__neg rose tea  has  gone down the tubes since the days i was in college when it first opened . i remember the hype of the first good bubble tea place in pittsburgh and it really did live up to being just that . then i would come here and get my fix of beef noodle soup rice with braised pork rice with pork chops sausage fried rice etc . and leave pretty happy . nnbut no  . i came here this past week nov 2008 and was very much disappointed . perhaps if i came without the expectation of it being pretty good i  have given this place 3 stars . but the let down is not forgivable and i fear that i will opt never to come back here again . and to think i used to  about this place to other people the food was excessively oily with no distinguishable flavors  salt and  sauce . the service was pretty pathetic too . besides the employees i think i only saw one other table of chinese people out of a pretty full  . that shouldve tipped me off in the first placennso please do not call this place authentic taiwanese food . ugh the good ratings for this place kind of makes me wan na puke .
__label__pos boba aka  tea  tapioca is  here.nnback in california we have a  chain called tea station and ten rens . theirs is the best ive ever tasted and rose tea cafe is comparable . nntheir green milk tea or jasmine milk tea in other places was the perfect hint of  . the consistency was not too thin or thick . their actual  balls ... i dont recall whether they were exceptional but they werent bad . nnthe food is pretty good and comes in healthy portions.nnnow the bad ... the wait is absolutely ridiculous . if you come around dinnertime 6p or 7p you really have to wait an hour for two people . its also a very narrow room so the waitresses are constantly tripping around people waiting by the door.nni just advise that you come around 8 or 9p or a lot earlier in the day .
__label__neg i usually love aladdins but  it was unbelievably awful . i will go back again and hope things have changed .  starters they  me twice for tea 4.50 bc they gave me a second tea bag . had i known that it would cost me an additional 2.25 for a single bag of cheap tea i would not have ordered it . the least the waitress could have done is have told me that my free refill was not in fact free .  the tuna in the grilled tuna salad was disgustingly fishy and overcooked . i usually order something different the mishwi or lamb salad so i am unsure if this is how it usually is but  the fact that no  seemed willing to fix the issue makes it far worse . nni told the waitress that she should have told me about the extra charges and her answer was that i was correct about her having to tell me but that she didnt and basically that sucks for me . no answer on the fish . nni have been a long time customer and am sorely irritated that i was treated this way .
__label__pos     . nni  you milanos
__label__pos i ve been living here for a year and have faced no problems at all . the apartments on the penthouse floor which is the  floor are great . you have an  of choosing an apt with new appliances which are  better than the really old  . the maintainence staff and the office are   and  . i did have some problems with the dishwasher and the  sink but it was fixed .
__label__neg drove into pittsburgh really late at night . so  the city had pretty much shut up shop . walked around station square for literally an  passing this place three times before finally having lost all sense of reason and succumbed to the kitsch seafood decor flying shark with mardigras beads in its mouth and party lights . i am allergic to crab but thought hey you only live once right and ordered the lobster and king crab steam pot from the  super buff teenage waiter whose shirt was so tight i could not  how he could carry around a tray full of food . he was pleasant  and although the place was practically empty he was never around when i wanted him and always around asking if i needed anything while i was stuffing my face full of sea creatures . the steampot was fine but the whole box of spices they add to it completely ruin the dish and i shudder to think they try to do that to  how notsofresh the seafood is..ugh..well i didnt have my face in a  or have exploding diarrhoea after or die from sea creature poisoning so theres a plus . the prices are really high for what they serve but pittsburgh is pretty far from the ocean . on the plus side i love trains and you can sit right next to the train  and not even hear them pass every 20mins . also the view across to the city is amazing across the river framed by the monumental massive amount of bridges and you are literally steps from the funicular to walk off your dinner . so whats the lesser of two evils this place or the hard rock crappe next door
__label__pos  im a total coward at the dentist . like fists clenched legs tense eyes shut kinda coward . i chose a  dentist strictly based on location and the  of the gentleman below and i am beyond glad i did . dr. dan is amazing ni was at  almost immediately eric is a   not to like and dr. dan made me feel like i was in very  hands.nim so fortunate to have found you dr. dan
__label__pos favorite sports team of all time growing up i liked sports ... loved boys playing sports and after trying my hand at cheerleading decided i didnt fit in with the conformation of cheering in a group . i was the bane of the squad because i actually watched the game and  up out of turn to go  and scream during riveting finals tournaments . yup i ruined the cheer i was too hyper to be a cheerleader and ended up becoming a stats girl  . a much better role for when the game was nail bitingly close i could yell and jump to my hearts content . nnthis being said i love watching sports and hockey was the  choice that would make it the ultimate sports viewing experience in my eyes . i mean hockey guys kick ass the skills it takes ice skating with that tiny puck the fighting come on in college and highschool i went to many games and when i moved to pittsburgh going to the pens games became one of the best  i would look forward to . nnwhen i first moved we werent doing so hot so the games were affordable and easily attended . so my love of the pens did not grow from  weathered admiration . we have the best team in the league and soon after we won the cup love love love its such a livable city that its possible to run into these athletes all over town i wont give away where ive seen practically the whole team on many nights surrounded by puck bunnies sooo ... get out there its  to see that some of them are respectable young men and behave unlike many the football  . sorry stillers the pens are number 1 lets go pens
__label__pos  good  and usually a   .  always seems nice and knows what they are doing   busy also ... they have cheap drinks and  specials . i recommend the wings or the provolonefried .
__label__neg if i could give zero stars i would . i  here today for lunch with my  and mom who is visiting from florida . our waitress was good but the food  forever to come out even though the place was  . the food was alright except for my sisters food . the chicken was terrible . it looked like yesterdays chicken that had been reheated in the microwave . it was brown inside . awful . the  brought her food out the second time and ducked out of here like the place was on fire when she said it was still microwaved . this was terrible . the wall against the table was crusty with  food . 010 would not  and definitely will not  here again .
__label__neg ate here with a 25 gift card from my boyfriends work . we didnt come with any high expectations other than a free meal.nni knew there werent going to be many vegetarian entree options but there were none . oh man so insert the part where i have to look like a total jerk asking for a frankensteinstyle salad with no meat while the waiter  at me like im crazy when i ask him which  is the best.nnthe salad was boring and  and  but it was edible.nnwe ordered a bloomin onion for an appetizer . it was actually pretty tasty at first or maybe i was just ravenous but the more i ate the more i could feel my mouth face and fingers  soaked in oil . ugh.nni left the restaurant feeling kind of gross but at least the facility was  and the staff were polite .
__label__pos      with  of   specials could be better but certainly not the worst . outside patio is an amazing space to watch the games .
__label__neg i too like sub stations  ... but not when i  it from this   . it kinda makes my skin crawl . they also dont seem to have room for the bread toaster any  like the other stores do which i would attribute to the horde of personal items they have stacked behind the counter ... hundreds of old vhs tapes they dont keep the tables clean the dining  is in desperate need of some tlc . broken video  old dusty house plants peeling paint . looks like they just dont care and i have no idea how theyve made it past the health inspector this long . go to a  sub station not here
__label__pos simply put this is the best thai in charlotte . nothing too fancy just a lot of the basics done consistently and without unnecessary frills . this is like that little unassuming hole in the wall that you almost have to know about before youre willing to walk in and try it . but once you do sit down you know youve found a gem youll come back to again.nnthai taste has been around since my high school days always in the same building and i dont think the decor has changed one bit . neither has the menu but then you dont go messing with a good thing.nnlet me just say lunch is a much better value here than dinner if for no other reason that you get a small bowl of a simple soup and a crispy spring roll served with a side of orange sauce  of your entree choice . yes it can be crowded at the height of lunch but ive never had to wait long even when people stand around outside the only door . if you wait till 1 pm or beyond youll just about have the place to yourself . the crowd is generally a mix of suits and the more casually dressed with a few cops and the scrubwearing hospital workers thrown in for good mix . nnthe lunch menu is a muchabbreviated version of the dinner menu . a single laminated page of about 810 dishes that each have a good plain english description of what it is you are browsing . want a classic not on the menu just ask the menu does  by the day of the week so they will make just about anything for you if it is a traditional thai dish . nnyou get your choice of meat with each entree which determines the price or you can always choose to go vegetarian which usually means tofu though you can decline the same as you can also decline eggs in the dish as well . heres my best tip if you like pad thai pud thai here per the menu get the vegetarian option if you like extra colorful  . lots more broccoli and carrots than if you order a meat . tofu is sauteed on the outside but  the wonderful peanut sauce that is the base of the dish . portions are always generous so come hungry.nnunsweet  tea is included with every meal too theyll  bring a small pitcher for your table . heres my second tip drink the tea youll need it if you like any advanced level of spice . coke and other soda is available but it is served by the can and costs extra . you already effectively paid for the tea in the price of the lunch so drink it.nnif i had one complaint it is this they ask you how spicy you like your dish and indicate the same using 15 stars . in my experience the only difference between 1 and 5 stars is the amount of red pepper flakes dumped on top of the finished product . 1 is to little 5 is just too much . with the number of thai peppers and sauces available id like to think we could do better here but its just not to be had here.nnnote this restaurant now has other locations in both matthews and university city . dont be fooled the  still stands above the rest .
__label__neg a group of coworkers told us about the great grouper sandwiches at vinnies . we both ordered . he had the blackened and i had the fried . my sand which was not particularly sweet as true grouper . however what really got my angry what the waitress bragged about how it was flow in  . i should have know by the blurred tramp stamp she was a liar twice over . turns out the business has been caught not once but twice for selling catfish as grouper . i would gladly pay extra for true fresh grouper . nnwhat is interesting is they were caught by the charlotte observer . here is what they found . nnmore restaurants caught in fishswitchnare you getting the fish you paid for and the fish you ordered or are you eating something else entirely weve asked the question before and found surprising results.nnnow we are putting local restaurants to the test again.nnbuying one thing and getting another is it fraud a mistake an oversight or a cheap way to increase profits margins whatever you call it you cant call it grouper . our hidden camera investigation took us to nine different local restaurants all  grouper.nnwe ordered the grouper put the sample into a bag on ice and in the mail to be dna tested at the guy harvey research institute at nova southeastern university in fort lauder dale.nnour mission to find out whether seven months after we first busted local restaurants substituting grouper with cheaper fish restaurants have learned their lesson.nnthe results out of the nine restaurants we tested a third were not giving you the grouper you ordered.nnim a bit surprised because i thought with all the publicity from the last time we found a lot of substitution restaurants would sort of get the message that there are forensic methods that are able to identify whether they are substituting seafood or not said dr. mahmood shivji nova southeastern university.nnhere is the kicker vinniesread on friends ... .nnour third failure is a repeat  vinnies raw bar on south boulevard . the first time we found catfish masquerading as grouper in their signature  grouper sandwich the manger told us we dont condone any misleading whatsoever.nnreally because heres what happened when we called to order the blackened grouper sandwich this timennordering over the phone anna said id like to order the blackened grouper sandwich that you havennthe vinnies waitress asked blackened grouper sandwichnnthats right said anna.nnwhen we shipped the vinnies blackened grouper off to the lab dna tests showed that grouper is really catfish.nnits quite disturbing because that same restaurant was found substituting the  time clearly they have not learned their lesson and theyve done it again shivji our dna scientist said.nnso everyone stop patronizing this establishment . the number of articles in the local papers are all lies.nnfeel free to call these fraudsters nnhttpwww.vinniesrawbar.comindex.htm
__label__pos this is a  nice placenit is reasonably  and the service was very good so were the drinks.ni  the salmon and it tasted very good although it was a little dry.nthe atmosphere was very nice although the restaurant is very small inside.nthis means that there isnt much room between the tables hence i could hear the  held by everyone  me.nnotherwise a very  place would definitely recommend it to others .
__label__pos   .  peachbourbon   and the  salad with shrimp and the chilled cucumber soup were incredible .
__label__pos a fun drive by adventure while  through charlotte . the   from our cashier to take our boxes to a  neighborhood park  the block for a   was what really made the experience ... you dont have to eat on the  of your car
__label__pos i know fuel is predominately a pizza joint but as much as i love their pizza the one thing they do best is buffalo chicken wings . there are a few staples that one  in life and for me a need for crispy hot buffalo wings drenched in  ranch dressing is a craving that hits me often . i will search high and  to find the perfect wings and thankfully they can be delivered to my doorstep by fuel no matter what time it is . nntheir wings have the best balance of spicy  to crispy skin . they offer a variety of sauces but my favorite is the classic hot . some people may complain that it is too spicy for their taste but i think it packs just enough heat to break a sweat but not too much to leave me hurting . i love to order my wings extra crispy because there is nothing better then the crunchy bite of the skin before getting to the soft meat of the wing . nni can be a pain in the butt and ask for my wings to get a little extra attention more specifically some fresh chopped garlic and a sprinkle of parmesan cheese sometimes but fuel always puts up with my requests . they even know people can be picky about their carrots vs. celery and will let you  your order to be all celery or vice versa . nni prefer to eat in when ordering wings because they fry the wings upon ordering and i am ready and waiting to get my hands on them but on a lazy sunday or late saturday night i will request a delivery of my order . my only complaint is that the styrofoam boxes that the wings are packaged in tend to create perspiration and reduce the  of the wings . if they could poke holes in the top of the  to let the wings breathe life would be just perfect . nni dare you to find a better wing in  .
__label__neg watch out nnkeep a close eye on your receipt and  your signed receipt . case in point i  there with friends and we split the bill . i gave money to my friend and they left the tip on their bill  bill for the table . the waitress mixed up the receipts and he signed mine and vice versa . nikko knows that they made the mistake but they will not fix it . they want my friend that  out the  to call them and pay them the money to fix the mistake . ridiculous food is overpriced and customer service stinks worse than a piece of sushi left in a hot car.nnnikko you have now  a loyal customer and all of my  ... i will never dine there again on principle that you refuse to make things right . nninstead of nikko ... i recommend pisces sushi in the metropolitan or ru sans . try the tempura fried oreos at pisces ... delicious
__label__neg i ordered the salmon with  sauce for take out . i notice the bill and theyve charged 1 for to go . what the hell ive never heard of anyone charging extra for a pickup order . even if its a delivery i can understand an extra charge . what was even more annoying was that the  was lousy cheap styrofoam not even worth a dollar.nnow for the entree itself . the cook notice my use of the word cook not chef had to be blind . thats the only way the fish could have been so  . it was  a hockey puck . dry and black . the menu claims that the entree has mushrooms and asparagus in it . again the blind cook probably just put double the amount of  instead . for a pricey 22 this was the  entree i have had in charlotte .  thumbs down .
__label__neg one of the more disappointing wrap experience that ive had . ni got the lamb wrap . barely any meat mostly pita and lettuce . no distinct  . nordered for pick up and told them that i was going to pick it up at noon when i got there it was waiting for me but it was luke warm at best so my guess is that its been sitting on the counter for 45 minutes . the waitress was short and impolite on the phone and her demeanor in person wasnt that great either.ncosts over 8 with tax and doesnt even come with a  . nif i  a bland  warm sandwich i would have gone to subway and paid less . nnot  it for the prices that they charge . nnthe only positive the lamb was pretty  the two tiny pieces that i actually tasted in my sandwich .
__label__pos  parts oldfashioned     and hangout . the location is absolutely crucial here . located in one of the more walkable  of south end pikes is a gem with a hefty menu complete with plenty of sweets and southern treats.nnhavent been to pikes in quite some time and this was my first go for lunch . decided to dine al fresco and enjoyed every second of it . this time round didnt go for anything on the sweet side of things but rather went for the lunch menu solely . nnstarted with the mozzarella sticks . both myself and my dining counterpart were shocked that they werent the out of the bag variety . these appeared to be hand breaded with a higher quality cheese than typically served . marinara was standard but the mozz sticks themselves were great . they also werent covered with the typical panko moon dust crappy breading like usual.nnwent with the buffalo chicken sandwich for my entree . holy craaaaaap . ditch the bun eat a few of the housemade chips and enjoy the chicken . not only is this sucker lightly breaded and flavored well with the buffalo sauce its straight up baptized in the sauce . swimming rather . im usually not for a pool of sauce but this stuff was fantastic . it acted as a nice residual dipping sauce for the remaining chips . nnservice was friendly outside was perfect for the present weather prices are fair walkability is always a plus . find a parking space along camden or near atherton and youre good to go .
__label__pos my first visit and purchase at lm monogramming today nni came her via a friends recommendation shopping for a personalized new baby gift . the  isnt very big but they have it packed to the brim with items . normally i would call the store cluttered but the quality of everything is so nice ill don it creative use of spacennlots of baby items to choose from clothes stuffed animals luvies bibs  . i ended up going with a tiger bear  by gund . its was 30 which was a steep ... but it was a reliable and durable brand and the monogrammingpersonalization was included in the price nni also compulsively bought a beach  for myself . huge unique pattern nice material and only 30. i love it.nnthe staff here werent beaming with hospitality but they were kind enough and definitely knew what they were doing . very professional . i was in a bind with my gift purchase because i needed it by the weekend . embroiderer told me they were back up for several days but when i  her i needed it asap she finished it by that afternoon without a rush  . awesome nnwould probably give lm five stars if store was larger and more spread out andor prices were a little lower . but  a solid four stars for quality .
__label__pos food is good . drinks are  . expanded restaurant means that the waits are much shorter than they  to be . seems  but the fish tacos are the way to go here . house margaritas are  and  they also have an el  marg that i think is only  but the house is way better and  a bargain at 5. enjoy
__label__pos great  to  while in  . i saw it on diners driveins and  so  wed give it a   choice
__label__neg   .   .   .  . really really 
__label__pos music is an integral part of my life . if i dont go to at least 2 concerts every month i start to go through withdrawals . im a much bigger fan of smaller venues than massive sized arenas . when the venue is smaller the entire concert  is enhanced because its more intimate and youre closer to the  . nnneighborhood theatre can seat a few hundred with mezzanine seating at stage  and floor seating facing the stage . the sound is great and spot on . you can easily hear every note that is played or sung . the only drawback is that the space is a bit dated and  use a few modern touches . other than the decor i think this  is  and will definitely be back for more concerts or events .
__label__neg i am a big fan of diners driveins and dives ... so i thought i would really enjoy the penguin .  on each occasion that i have eaten there i have been very disappointed . i have tried their black bean  which i normally love but found theirs lacking . i also did not care for their vegetarian chili and found nothing  about their sides either . personally if i want good fried food i prefer either the barbque king on  blvd or the clock on south blvdn2011  now closed
__label__neg i really really want to like the diamond . its cheap convenient to my house and my friends like it . maybe im ordering the wrong  but im just not even impressed enough to want to go without being decently drunk first . the first two times i went i got breakfast food . breakfast is  of why i go to diners i love it . unfortunately the diamond cant manage cooking scrambled eggs . they came out rubbery and overdone both times . nnmy friends  that their breakfast is terrible and said i just had to try their lunchdinner menu instead . well i gave it a shot with one of their signature sandwiches a pork burger with onions  and cheddar . three bone shards later i decided i couldnt finish my pork burger and moved on to the sweet potato fries i had paid an upcharge to get . mushy . my friends regular fries tasted great but they didnt get the sweet potato  right . nnthe 20for2 dinner bill would have been a consolation if only the service had been quick enough to bring us our bill and the extra  we had ordered . unfortunately just like some of our partys drinks and silverware the server had  and we had to wait another 15 minutes while they hustled it out of the kitchen . meh .
__label__neg i am a salvadoranamerican so i know good salvadoran food when i see it ... nhowever this place just does not  my standards for  salvadoran food in fact i  my afternoon throwing up after visiting this place ... .. i  never get desperate enough for salvadoran food to come here nonono ... . pupusas from here are  oily just not appetizing at all ... the yuca frita was also disgusting oily food  dont  here
__label__pos my 400th reviewnnwhere im not the biggest fan of getting in and out of this shopping  im a fan of quite a few of the businesses found here . this place opened up in the 50s and was a  ticket for shopping ... and still is . come here on the regular and a few of my favorites arennpark place theatrencarolina  shoppengreat outdoor provision sometimesnblackhawk  free popcornnthe flying biscuitnnits a great place to shop . getting out of here  woodlawn is a little tough .  of long lines of cars .
__label__pos awesome  the   so great  the  great  thats new macadamia brownie with gooey carmel . and ice cream meatloaf is a great entree as well  staff and  head chef
__label__neg dont get alterations done once you purchase the suit we purchased 12  for our  party and when my fiancu00e9 went to pick his up from  the pants hemmed he found that they had simply folded almost 6 inches of fabric up underneath the pant leg which made them bulky and heavy . when he complained they agreed that it was not done properly and he waited while they fixed it only to find that there were now large holes in the fabric that you could see from a distance . we had to get another pair of pants and definitely took them somewhere else for  . also when we  up the suit it wasnt pressed at all it simply looked like it had been lying in the corner on the  . nnterrible service  and quality ... i now see why they have to offer so many sales for their stores .
__label__neg  1980s stepping into shun lee palace is like  back in time . the colors of mauve and hunter green abound in the decor . and lets not forget the swivel chairs . nnwe went on a saturday night and were seated immediately . like someone else mentioned in their review it was mostly an older crowd . perhaps theyve been there since the 80s it took quite some time before we were greeted by our server and quite a time longer before she returned to take our orders . nni like to think that i know my way around a chinese restaurant but there were dishes on the menu with which i was not familiar . and unfortunately there were no descriptions . tai chi tung ann new tze flower chicken royal chicken peacock chicken i asked our server about two of them but didnt want to ask any further and went with sa cha chicken because i knew i had had it someplace once before.nnthe food came out as it was made . first two of five dinners were brought out one of which had to be taken back because it was wrong . then that second one returned with the correct entree . then a third dinner came out . and then finally the fourth and fifth together . the food was enjoyable but a bit on the bland side . if my entree has a little mark next to it because its spicy i want it spicy . unfortunately it wasnt . and there was nothing on the table to doctor it up . everything tasted very fresh though so kudos for that . and the kids entrees were pretty big so they were a good value . nnim wary of chinese restaurants that dont automatically offer you chopsticks . i like chopsticks . i  to eat chinese japanese thai and sushi dinners with chopsticks . it adds to the experience . since we rarely saw our server i didnt even bother to ask for a pair . maybe there was a shortage in the 1980s nnim sure some people have been going to shun lee  since they decorated in the  and love it . i for one have experienced much better . much much better . atmosphere is a big deal for me .   didnt have it so we wont be going  . nnp.s . whats up with the clothing rack in the dining room you might think it was for people to hang their coats however youd be wrong . apparently its a rack where the employees can hang their street clothes up during their shifts . because i doubt that anyone took off their tshirts at dinner because they were too hot . tres tacky .
__label__neg floyds is interesting . i came here once when i was doing a selling gig of mine during the summer and i came back to try their food . so i came in for  for a take out as my brother and as well as a few friends came down from raleigh wanted to try it out . i ordered the stew beef as well as doubled the side of the mac n cheese.nnlets just say if youre going to  out or do anything active in the few to several hours dont . because i was burping that stuff up and it just didnt feel good . but thats southern food for you . i felt that the macncheese was a little watery and wasnt cheesy enough . the stew beef was okay i guess . the problem with that was it was  too watery and it had no flavor . i was thinking that it would  me a punch because well its in a stew . nni think i wont come back here for a while especially since the aftermath of the meal was horrible . i think when you eat something the process of eating it and the  is wrapped into one if you do come here i suggest you to  the chicken as i heard it wasnt  . from my experience though stay away from the stew beef .
__label__neg i feel ripped off by my driver this evening . i live in fort mill and ive taken several cab rides to bus stops in fort  . today for the  time ever the   came up with a 15 dollar  because it was outside of meck county . ive never experienced this in my numerous other rides with yellow cab . i feel totally ripped off and doubt ill ever use yellow cab again . the whole thing seemed  shady . i  i was taken advantage of because it was a  day out and i needed a ride home .
__label__neg ordered food around 800 now its around 1130 called twice but no answer weird for a restaurant that is  until 130 a.m and has  charged my credit card . when i finally got my food it was cold and sucked im not a food snob   john or dominos delivery pizza is fine by me . the pizza was awful wings were  and   were cold on the inside . if youre looking for good service and food aim elsewhere this place was awful bad enough for me to take the time to download this app and make a review..
__label__neg reservations meant nothing . we waited . and waited . then we ate . sort of . i dont eat mushy pasta . i had what was purported to be pappardelle . sigh . it was not . the caesar salad was made table side . or so they  . lettuce in a bowl tossed with cheese at your table sans  or anchovy is a side salad . caesar was far from hailed . dry . inedible nnit all comes down to your personal preferences and standards if you are not italian have never been to  or have never been fed by an italian you might like the  . you might also like chef boyardee . i  this restaurant  star because i have to on this site . personally my dead mother is rolling in her grave and i  like to go into their  and teach them the basics of italian cooking 101. starting and ending with the concept of al dente .
__label__pos    in  .   of   . only place we order from now .
__label__neg impressively consistent poor service . been there  times but the   and carne asada can only distract me for so long before i break they are downright mean and lazy .  to don pedro . same  owners and recipes but  staff .  
__label__neg ordered a large mangopineapple smoothie . stayed in line 5 minutes from the time i ordered . which was okay i made  i started out  minutes early for the trip . 3.64 for a large . got to the window stayed an additional 3 minutes . no big deal . until ... ... maam we no have mango . we have um.. strawberry . reluctantly i  ok ... its just strawberry right not strawberrybanana si strawberry banana . side note ... i dont like  banana no maam i would just like my  back ... refund please ... she  me 3.53 back wasted my  and made a  geez
__label__pos i just love going to bilo . they have a lot of buy 1 get 1 deals every week for a lot of major name brand items which also have coupons to match . in addition you get fuel perks for all money spent plus bonus fuel perks . one thing most  dont know is that you get  towards fuel perks for gift card purchases . their gift card shelving includes almost every gift card except target or walmart . so you can get those birthday and anniversary gift cards and  fuel perks back . the fuel perks  at shell gas stations and theres a comparable priced one that is right  the  . nnthe store overall seems a little older than some ive seen but its always clean . in addition the customer service reps are always very friendly . you usually dont have a long wait . they  have a  open . nnnoverall my grocery store of choice .
__label__pos nice little sandwich  off steele creek rd in a   center . the food was good i ordered italian and my girlfriend ordered the tuna sandwich . the  were good but i feel  the lettuce was a little soggy . i   here again its definitely a  location .
__label__pos this was the first time  after a year as our previous visits were mediocre at best so it was only time that we gave these folks another chance.nnwe visited on a  night at 730pm and chose to sit in the bar area where they have a few booths and tvs . the sports decor is no longer around as the panthers had a pretty bad season last year and the basketball team was just down right  ... ..so bad that they won a place in history as the absolute  team ever imo it was good to remove the bad memories of our local teams.nnthe service was very prompt courteous and attentive to our needs . the endless yeast rolls were perfect . the butter was able to melt completely on the roll offering a great way to start a meal.nnthere were three in our party the orders were as follows a sirloin a bacon cheeseburger w fries and the tuscan chicken i have added a picture . the steak was properly cooked the cheeseburger was huge and had a very juicy center . the tuscan chicken was  and seasoned properly but had a  area that the cheese covered so it had a burnt taste on a few bites.nnoverall i was very pleased with the dining experience and it was very nice to see the manager making the rounds and talking to the guests.nni will put this on the short lists of places to try again soon ... .it  that the new menu items and decor as well as a better staff have improved since our last visit.nnncfoodguy
__label__neg good location right next to walmart it really wasnt that packed for a sunday  . we were seated quick and easy with no hassle . our server michael was really good he knew a great deal of the menu and was responsible enough to make sure all our needs were meet and was really good with the kids . our server was very lenient with us and our  cheerful happy and professional . i had biscuits and gravy blueberry pancakes and a steak omelet i know im a fatty lol we sat near the kitchen and staff was a bit loud and lots of plates and glasses rattling and banging around.yet i sort of lost my appetite the place needs a serious remodel and cleaning . the booth  splash had coffee stains and crayon  all over the wall which made me look around a  more . the wall just above us was covered in a thick layer of dust like nobody cleaned these wall in  and the vent just above us was dirty as well covered in  black mold . this is all pretty scary sitting with my  just above all this dust and mold . place has potential but they need to clean up their act better yet just clean up . our server michael was good you can be extremely great somewhere else
__label__pos very nice facility . professional friendly  . great location in se charlotte.nnwonderful  to   go to spa and take better  for intown vacation.nnbook early as special events will sell out the facility.nnthis is where the obamas stay when in  .
__label__pos  and    mens  .   with some great sales . very knowledgeable staff .
__label__pos stonecrest chickfila is my favorite by far . they do a phenomenal business and are very well organized . they hire young folks and  them well . when busy they bring the food to your table and are constantly circulating  if theres anything you need  refilling  . everyone seems to have a great attitude which is hard to find in the service industry this particular  also seems to have a lot of special events free breakfasts buy a comboget a kids meal free etc . if you live in the area be sure to  up for their text updates so you can stay up to date with their  i wish i owned this place ... .cash cow did i say cow eat more chicken ...
__label__neg  .  to      to  a tire plugged at their business . sad .
__label__pos the  here a ton  than the ones that i drank at on the border i really prefer a spanish person to make my margarita rather than a gringo who looks like he has been working the bar for less than a week . the shrimp fajitas here were great the shrimp were huge . it didnt taste too americanized like a lot of the mexican places in charlotte . i would like to  back the only  was that i prefer to have the   off my  when i order  .
__label__neg my friend and i decided to  here since it was  to trader joes and it had an outside patio area . they were doing some  of  construction with a crane putting up store signs right beside us throughout our  meal which was really loud and annoying . this of course was not the restaurants fault but it really affected the ambiance . also it is right next door to a dog grooming business so there were people and their dogs coming in and out . nnwe were the only people eating outside since it was pretty hot out we wanted to smoke and the fan they had on the patio made it feel pretty comfortable . the patio area is also covered which is nice but it is right in front of the parking lot so there is not a lot to look at . i had a quick look at the inside and it seemed small and dark but cozy . nnthis place is not cheap . we joked that putting the word cantina in the restaurants name allowed them to raise prices as if it were somehow fancier than your runofthemill mexican place . the chips were decent the salsa was excellent . the taco salad had way to many beans in it and it was overpriced . my friend had the fajitas and it was a tremendous amount of food . there was not enough room for her to  prepare each fajita at the tiny outside table . nnmy  were 4 bucks each and her margaritas standard size were each 8 bucks . the peach margarita was boring and had no real peach flavor . the coconut margarita was an interesting flavor but still not worth the price.nnthe  was ok nothing great.nnthe lunch menu looked cheaper and i might try this place again . i will update the review if it is significantly better or worse.nnoverall charlotte has better options for mexican food that are cheaper and have better atmospheres .
__label__neg mark me down as unimpressed.nnwe went on a late summer evening arriving about 630. the inside was a wait but the outside was available and for good reason the outside pilars and ground was crawling with some sort of beetle infestation . they werent  or anything but when we ate we could see them through the metal lattice table strolling on the underside of the tabletop.nnour server was very good but the kitchen staff was not . my wife ordered a shrimp salad with light dressing something the server repeated back to us from the order she had written down and the salad arrived soaking in salad dressing.nnwhen the server came back to check on us my wife mentioned that the salad was swimming in dressing . our server immediately said shed have the kitchen make a new one with light dressing . about 5 minutes later the manager arrived with a new salad with lettuce on top lightly dressed . problem solved.nnor so we thought . it turns out the kitchen staff had simply placed new lettuce on top of the salad my wife had originally had . when she got past the new layer on top there was her old salad still awash in salad dressing.nnthe manager returned and offered another new salad . my wife declined saying that she was full at this point from the earlier appetizer and the lettuce and shrimp she had eaten from the first two iterations of the salad and couldnt possibly eat a third . nonetheless the manager returned about 5 minutes later with another salad which we wound up taking homeshe didnt really want it but there was no sense leaving it behind even though she said at the time they didnt need to make it.nna measure of a good restaurant is how it deals with mixups and mistakes like this . i confess i thought the restaurant would have taken the salad off the checkwe had ordered an appetizer my meal and a couple of glasses of wine so there was  a tab to be  . but when the check came the salad was on it . in their eyes i suppose their three attempts to get a simple request right was sufficient effort.nnas for what i had ... i have no recollection of what it was . that is how forgettable it was . i think it was a pasta dish . i know i was eating most of it alone as my wifes food was off the table twice in the attempts to get her order right.nnthis restaurant clearly has pretensions of being an upscale dining experience . from what we saw it has a long way to go before it can claim to have reached that goal . both of us spent a lot of time that evening looking  the patio to the seating for cantina 1511 wishing we had walked in their door instead .
__label__neg went to dinner there last  . our server  was awesome . the other server in our  was mr social and found his  conversing loud and irritating . the  was lacking . my husband had steak which was tough not a  cut by any means . i had the braised tenderloin pasta which came out  warm beef was  and peppers were completely raw . very disappointing .
__label__neg this review is for the flooring department only.nnwe are looking to change out the carpeting in our entire house . this is a big project and considering that we had our current house built new 10 years ago carpeting was included and we  from an apartment with carpeting in only a few  we are complete novices when it comes to carpeting . we went to home depot knowing that they have a large selection of carpeting choices and they were  a interestfree promotion that was interesting . we also went there for what we hoped  be knowledgeable sales staff to assist us with the process . well we were right about the choices but completely wrong about the knowledgeable sales staff . the one girl working in this department was able to  us what the ordering measuring and installation process is and she also seemed gleeful about warning us about the number of hidden charges but her depth of knowledge shallowly ended there . we asked her for advice and even admitted that we were completely unsure as to which carpets were best for our home but she offered no guidance whatsoever . nnwe wandered around aimlessly for about approx 30 minutes when a different sales associated noticed that we looked lost and  to help ... granted he said that he knew  about carpeting but at least he cared enough to help.nnfinally we decided to leave . we then turned to yelp for reviews on local flooring specialist and ended up at locallyowned flooring store where they were extremely knowledgeable very helpful and has allinclusive pricing that beats hd
__label__neg have not been here for sometime wow what happened great meal  time . was in early and not very crowded . late delivery and luke warm appetizer . luke warm soup and  entres . lasanga not hot very   boring besides lots of  sheets . son was served his entre 10  before the rest of us turns out he was served another  meal . down hill server had all kinds of excuses for the  other servers . very disappointing .
__label__pos i went here yesterday for the first time looking for a  product that only they  in the madison area . its definitely a   shop to  around in . they have just about anything and everything you could be looking for naturopathic . basically i was like a gigantic child sneaking around touching and smelling  . they probably didnt appreciate that . however i didnt  stuff and run up and down the aisles  .
__label__pos pretty awesome bar went here for a few predinner drinks with a few people it was right across from where we were going to eat so it was the only thing that was close enough to walk to.nnthe outside doesnt look like much but you  in and it feels smells and looks like youre somewhere warm and tropical . the outside looks like a place that would be super small and crowded place . but its actually a  good sized place . nnwe all sat down at the bar with the tropical music playing in the  . two of us got the  3.00 coronas the other two  fruity  drinks very fitting . nnthe roommates and i  about coming back to actually eat and have more of the  drinks very very soon especially with it getting colder out .
__label__pos one of my favorite place to shop on state street . in particular for sunglasses bags and other gifts for my friends . and for myself little luxuries   items as well as a  array of jewelery and well crafted bags and  decorating items . including a laptop case that i bought 3 years ago and still get  i  describe tihis store as pop  with  more useful things.. but not that much more useful .
__label__pos over the   of years i have been in here a few times for gifts . a few  i  about  luxuries free giftwrapping  selection of colorful  steel water bottles  cards and cute sunglasses for 10 .
__label__neg i live right around the corner from the avenue so im there a lot . nnafter eating their friday fish fry for the last few years i decided to  out the rest of their menu . the verdict not so great.nnif you want to go for a drink great avenue will treat you  . however the last few  ive been in for dinner the service has been uncomfortably  and the food was subpar.nnim sure ill be back for a brandy old fashioned or a friday   but certainly not for the rest of the menu .
__label__neg the man stumbled upon the  in for brunch and really liked it . when he talked about the different  of food and their delicious pancakes i was stoked to try it . when we finally decided to try it on a saturday morning i was definitely not as enamored with the place as he was . nni dont know if i was expecting the place to be different just because i was there for breakfast but this place is totally a bar that is trying its hand at breakfast as well . i mean i had been there for  a few times but i somehow expected a different vibe when we went for breakfast . my wish was not fulfilled . instead i was led to a  lopsided table with a waitress that look like shed been working there for 45 years . none of that  much right well it wouldnt if the food was superb . but it wasnt.nnthe place is mediocre at best . they love oil and make you well  of it . the first time i visited here i ordered the walleye with toast . i know that it is not typical breakfast fare but i love me some walleye . anyway got the walleye tried the walleye but didnt like the walleye . it was oily as all get out and one side was burned . the toast was slathered in butter yuck . my over easy eggs were simply just gross . they were really watery and completely inedible.nnbut what do you do when you have a meal like that you go back to try it again . i went back to try the pancakes that the man said were the best pancakes he ever had . i ordered them with the walleye again along with the potatoes . i could go into a long description as to how oily everything was again and how the potatoes looked as though they had been stuck in the tread of my tire . but i wont . nni dont like this place and i def will not be back . not for breakfast anyway
__label__pos we decided to go to magnus even after having heard that there had recently been an ownership andor menu change .  i was disappointed with the fact that my favorite appetizer sushi tuna with seaweed salad didnt survive the recent changes it didnt make any difference . everything we ate and the wine that we drank was outstanding . i had the rainbow  my girlfriend had the tuna steak my dad had the kobe steak and my  had the duck . everything was better than the last . the kobe steak  in your  and every entru00e9e was infused with delicious flavors and accompanied by delightful sauces . we also had raw oysters that my girlfriend who is an oyster lover claimed were the best she has ever had . take all of this and mix a romantic atmosphere complete with live  music we left with big smiles on our faces.n nas we were leaving and complimenting the waiter about our experience he warned us that the owners are planning on changing the menu and direction of the restaurant . it sounds like they are going to drop the highend gourmet menu sometime in january 2010 but the head chef will be the same . it sounds like things have gotten slow during the economic recession and the owners are tired of the gourmet market . i am very saddened by this and  they change their mind . i highly recommend going to magnus before the change not only to experience its brilliance before its gone but also to hopefully to encourage the owners to change their minds .
__label__pos this is a review to inform potential customers that espresso royale caffe has moved down the block on state street and is now currently located at 224 state st. nnthe new location offers more outdoor seating with both smoking and nonsmoking  . because the  was able to renovate the new location prior to opening the store is much cleaner than the old location . the interior will seem smaller to customers of the old location however there is approximately the same amount of seating and because it was painted with a lighter color scheme it feels more open . the new location  features huge front windows and plenty of lighting which makes it brighter than the old location . great for studying nnthe menu is exactly the same at the new location as the old with most of the same employees . they have added a few sandwiches which are affordable and great on the go . nnif you have discounted the old location or couldnt find it once it  give the  place a  i dont think you will be 
__label__pos    in   down    italian . open late too
__label__pos i love all the colors and great atmosphere at this hostel . as a   i can say the  are better than standard with legitimately comfy beds . the hostel isnt too large so it feels welcoming and it is easy to meet people.nni have stayed here often and it almost felt  i was  the   i was there .
__label__pos  atmosphere .   . nice  of   having  on  .
__label__neg on a friends recommendation and despite the deservedly mixed reviews here i stopped in for dinner . nni ordered the homemade pickled beets and the tenderloin openface sandwich with hash browns . the bartender described the beets as being on the sweet side and he wasnt kidding . so my fault there.nnthe tenderloin was about an inch thick and maybe  ounces . sadly one half of it was overcooked while the other half was done about right . the meat itself was not one of the better pieces of beef ive had in madison.nnthe hash browns were the biggest disappointment though . i asked for them to be crispy . the edge and part of the bottom was charred way beyond  while the insides were  and slimy.nni couldve sent the food back i suppose but i didnt have any confidence the second try would be better and didnt want to spend another 30 minutes there.nnservice at the bar was reasonably attentive but i have had better meals elsewhere and wont be  . smokys  be a fun place to order a martini with friends but ...
__label__neg if i could give this restaurant 0 stars i would . i ordered a  pepperoni and a medium vegetarian pizza and two small salads and it  me over 50. the pizza were to be delivered within 45 minutes to an hour and it  an hour and 30 minutes . i opened the boxes to find the thinnest crust i have ever seen on a pizza and they were supposed to be chicago  . i am not kidding if they were 14 inch  that would be stretching it . there were no identifiable toppings on the pizza except for two pepperoni . nothing on the vegetarian pizza.ni  to speak with the manager and he was quite rude . ive told me that he was not the one that ordered the pizzas and i could probably get a better pizza in the grocery  . he also asked me to not post a negative review because it would hurt his four children.ni would not recommend this pizza place .
__label__pos orange tree.nnit has ... nit has ...  has ... nnso  thingsnnoh the  nnfrom hand painted sushi plates to big ass iron chef skillets to glass wine corks anything you can fill your home with they have it . and its straight up cute.nni think the big misconception is that  is just for foodies and the 1 but these products really range from price to preference so anyone can find a great gift splurge or necessity for their lifestyle . nnonly downside is that the items are a bit luxury . wait is that a bad thing well maybe only for my wallet . and if you say youre just going to pop in for a few minutes be prepared to spend at least half an hour here to scratch the surface .
__label__pos     and really   we  the meatball italian beef and sicilian all of which were  flavorful and did not skimp on the toppings . the sicilian was probably the least favorite of the three but still was enjoyable.nnthe italian beef was loaded with beef but some of it was slightly fatty.nnthe meatball had several meatballs not dry at all and the marinara was excellent.nngreat experience overall .
__label__pos   range very     and salsa appetizers gigantic portions and prices in the 1015  typical of a mexican restaurant combine to make laredos the best mexican place ive yet tried in madison . my only complaints are the flavor of their lime margaritas which is subpar and the lack of kick in their  but i love very hot foods .
__label__neg ok an update njesse the manager from gates has gone out of his way to fix the problems . everything now has been fixed on my car with a 100 promise that their  is up to parnas a im sorry i even received a gift card to red robin dinner on gates showing me that they cared for me as a customer.nthe shotty collision repairs were not excusable and since i had to be the one to  them out this was not acceptable.nni will still  my time was wasted fighting with gates and progressive about this and it still was a horrible  . but thank you gates  for  things right in the end result on your buck
__label__neg the perkins here has never been known for being  with happy people . i found that they  the tradition with my recent visit for lunch.nnow i was looking forward to  the new place as they really needed a refresher and a clean up . the new place helps but im not so sure i like the layout . it is small and boxy . i liked the old layout better . but the place is brighter which is nice.nthe food was  good so no fault there . but the service was subpar . i felt like they could care less if i ate there or not . we joked around a little with our waitress and she barely cracked a smile . the manager came by and asked us if everything was ok and when we said it was she stated that she was glad to hear that in a sort of canned way while she was walking away . once again giving us the impression that she could care less.nnow we saw our waitress at another point away from our table and think that she was stressed out over something . so  it was was showing up in her attentiveness to her  . we still gave her a good tip because she looked like she needed it.nbottom  is i wont be going back here for some time until the management and staff change over which i suspect it will in about 6 months . see you then .
__label__neg oh lakeside what happenednnthis used to be my absolute favorite yarn shop in madison . then they got bought by the people who run the knitting  which was my least favorite as they were always rude and  . i recently visited wisconsin to see my family and was super excited to get into lakeside as i didnt have the chance at christmas . nni was so so so sad.nnthe wall ocascade 220 is gone . any yarn in the coffeeshop room is gone . and what yarn was there was so sparingly spread out across the shop that it was just pathetic . the remodel  opens the space up a bit but with an  space its even more obvious that the stock is so sadly low and its nothing at all like the lakeside of old . i miss sitting with my cheese  and staring at the cascade wall plotting new  . nnno one greeted me . no one asked if they could help . and when i headed for the door after a few minutes of searching to see if the  i used to know i could get there still existed no one even blinked to see if they could be of help.nnits just pathetic now .
__label__neg im sad to  paisans  to have  downhill since it moved . the old location in the nowdestroyed university square was cozy with a weird romantic charm i have a  of  date memories of that  . the new restaurant is pretty bland inside and the  was horribly overcooked the one time we went . too  .
__label__neg i want to start by  i love love love olive garden . its truly one of my alltime favorites and usually my goto italian place when i want something yummy and not want to worry about quality.nnthats why i was soooooo disheartened by this particular location . the waitress was awesome best part of the night . but the food was crap . seriously i almost sent my meal back because it was so freaking  . i got the fetuccini alfredo . the pasta was  over cooked . they noodles fell apart as i was trying to wind them around the fork to eat them . and the sauce was poorly seasoned like no flavor whatsoever as well as chunky . have you ever had chunky alfredo sauce i was thinking what the heck did they use in this cottage cheese ewwww thats all i have to say about that . my dining   his noodles were also  i thought maybe it was just the  but nope.nnsave your money and eat somewhere else or go to a different madison  because this one was so totally not worth it .
__label__neg ive always tried to  away from coffee chains especially the ones oversea theyre an australian corporation but wife needed coffee and it was conveniently located close to the apple store . nnwe ordered a small cup of coffee and a double shot of espresso . i  should have just walked out when i asked for a light roast but was  that they only have dark roast and a light roast is dark roast with added water . obviously the person working knows nothing about coffee . so i took a sip of their dark roast and just as expected it was bitter  . nnthen wife  her espresso and it was basically burnt  liquid . no crema big coffee grinds at the bottom of the  . nnneedless to say we will never return . well stick with local cafes that actually care about and have  for their industry and their customers .
__label__pos     food . deli and   they cater . i review from the perspective of a meateating dessertaholic although i enjoy great vegetarian  and try to limit meat to a couple meals a week . they do sell some meat but most sandwiches in the  are great and meatless . wonderful beautiful delicious locallygrown organic produce . they also carry ecofriendly cleaning products . its like a tiny whole foods only better .
__label__pos excellent  at lunch   quick service   . ill be  back  .
__label__pos  service .  me in  day  off first thing in the morning . received call by  my  was ready for  up . services  oil change and tire rotation .
__label__pos lilporgies is great i frequent every other wednesday with my  from the cu one to  . porgies is fast you order and your eating . be sure to  your favorite  on the side i  to eat my fries and  as i go . nnportions are right for a nice price with  service .  for a quick eat .
__label__neg im really disappointed to write this update but after several  of denial about what has become of paradiso im finally admitting that its time.nnmy experiences here have been getting progressively worse for awhile now . service is as  as ever which i used to be happy to overlook because the food and coffee were so great . now the soups are being overseasoned with  handed doses of curry powder dill and what tastes like artificial smoke flavoring but ironically   and pepper . the vegetables and legumes are also usually undercooked were talking crunchy peas while the pasta is overcooked and mushy . their soups used to consistently wow me but i cant remember the last time i had one that was even passable . sandwich fixings are being poorly cut so you end up with things like half inch thick cucumber  and bread of wildly different sizes on either side of the sandwich .  sizes are also shrinking to the point of ridiculousness and the cup of soup for i believe 3.50 is becoming increasingly offensive . prices overall have gotten pretty nuts . today i spent over 12 on a half sandwichsoup combo with which i was given very little soup a pastry and a bottle of water that they didnt actually ever give me . it was pretty much the nail in the coffin for my paradiso lunch habit.nnparadiso please take note you were once my favorite place for lunch and had soup so good i was willing to wait forever to get it .  get your act together so i can love you again
__label__pos passing through town and stopped here based on a quick yelp  . missed it at first because the small storefront was obscured by a parked car but very glad i found my way back.nnthe place is  cute and the staff was super nice did not encounter any of the sass others mentioned.nnthey have a great selection of pastries and desserts while offering a collection of loaf breads . no place to sit as it was too chilly for outdoor patio chairs so  a   in my car.nntried the cheese  . yum . not particularly sweet so the  and cheese really came through . it was dusted with confectioners sugar which i promptly blew all over my lap and seat.nnselfserve coffee with the same little bluecolored greek paper  that street vendors in ny use .
__label__pos so overall the food here ive had has been really good . i will say though that if you go to crane alley its not as cheap as some of the other area restaurants  . not the alcohol . another thing my friends and i noticed is that if you get appetizers they normally give you way more dipping material hummus spinach and artichoke dip etc . than you can use up with the pita provided . you will get charged extra if you ask for more pita.nnthey always have a nice selection of beverages particularly beers but theres a cocktail list as well again just plan on it being  . if fresh and local is important to you they also sometimes have menu  made from products of sellers you might see at market at the square in the summer . in the end its a great place to go when the  is nice and you can sit outside in the  with your  in the  alley  of crane alley .
__label__neg ive already posted this review for the location at bell and 7th ave but thought i  to post it again since we took our dog here too.nnthis pet hospital is a scam and a total waste of money . their vets seem like they barely passed vet school . we took our wonderful dog  into them when he developed a lump on his side . after taking xrays blood  etc . the vet told  that the lump was a medical mystery . prior to this we had signed up for their pet wellness plan . in short we took our dog to a reliable trustworthy vet dr. ryan at blue cross vet clinic and it turned out he had bone cancer . he ended up  away this summer  my husband and i are still being forced to pay for our banfield pet  plan each month even though our dog is dead . thanks banfield .
__label__neg one of the dullest  ive  in . food was subpar . sheets smelled of  and ac was not properly working . when i  up i swear i  i was in a  motel and not a sheraton . wifi only in the   . there is free wired internet in the rooms .
__label__neg us airways is by far the worst airline i have ever traveled on . i wouldntw fly with them again if they were going to save me a difference of 500 with two people ... we ended up   round trip for baggage fees received  rude service and sat on the  flight for over an hour while they replaced a broken  yes they boarded an entire  before this was discovered .  dont make the same mistake we did . never  us airways .
__label__neg nothing is new here about my bad  . but  i can shed some light into their evil world . and then the travelers can choose wisely.nnus worst has retained its title for me in 2011.nntypical story . mechanical failure . flight was delayed in palm springs . i missed the connection in phoenix . i was rescheduled for later flight . a  of 4 hours.nni always avoid us worst but sometimes its just impossible . it  when us worst is part of star alliance wrong ... more later . i was a united premier member . i thought i still can get my benefit on us worst . thats a wrong assumption.nni have experienced nightmares on more than 50 of us worst flights . more so lately ... 100 in past 2  2 flights .  ive shifted all possible flights to other not so worst airlines.nnto make a long tedious nightmare educationaln1 us worst does not recognize the full status of united premier . not like united and continental.nn2 its business as usual for us worst . the  service rep expressed indifference . it reminds me of rental clerks in las vegas and florida you dont like it too bad move aside theres a long line waiting for our premiere service there is no apology . the mechanic failure and that delayed flight did not qualify for any compensation.nnso travelers kowtow to the almighty us worst whom provides  class service to everyone . i wonder what service you will get in economy class .
__label__neg so the sign on the door says it opens at 5 a.m. at 505 the door is  and the  visible employee looks at me waiting outside and scurries in back . bear in mind that im dressed for my whitecollar job so i dont look like im going to rob the place or like ive been up all night to get lucky.nni call and ask whether the sign is wrong .  doesnt know theyll open in  or 15 minutes maybe . no guarantees . she refuses to give a reason why they cant open on time or why the sign would be wrong.nnso the serious plan was to leave a customer standing outside the restaurant for half an  past the posted  . because when you want fast food an extra 30 minutes is nothing .
__label__neg the atmosphere is spoton but where was the service 12708nnthe place has a great feeling from the moment you walk up and see a grand piano on the  stage a full bar and flower centerpieces on the tables . very pleasant.nni loved to little sunday  menus simple and sweet . great mimosas and want to go back to try out their sangeria.nnthe service was a little slow all around . felt like was being avoided plus the servicer did not  mucho  so there was no  to get some of my questions answered . nnalthough the food sounded appealing was disappointed when the it came out cold and soggy . hoping this was just an off day but want to still see how it works next  .
__label__neg the place is   and airy filled with fine modern clean lines and just enough  color and art to add visual interest not too crowded and not uncomfortably trendy . they were well suited for my large group of friends and i so we were excited when we decided to have dinner there . nnthe menu selection was decentstandard cafe fair with sandwiches wraps and salads . they had a nice wine selection although i thought their perglass charge seemed a little pricey . service was fine and quick enough so i have nothing bad to say there . the highlight the tuna almondine i ordered was delicious it was not overdressed or strangely sweet like a lot of tuna fish sandwiches out there and the almonds added a nice toasted nutty flavor without it or their hard slightly crunchy texture getting in the tunas way . but its hard to mess up tuna and i was easily able to recreate the dish at home for a lot less than 11 bucks . okay i can understandits cafu00e9 food . theres ambiance to pay for and it is nice there . and someone back in the kitchen works hard to make that sandwich . fine . but the deal breaker was the leaf salad that came with my sandwich . nnjust about all of us had the same salad with our wraps and sandwiches . my salad was limp fainted dead  . and it smelled like freshly mown grass which is totally fine if were discussing freshly mown grass and not something im expected to shove into my maw . to be fair my dining companions could only kind of smell what i could in their own salads so it wasnt as big as an affront to them . maybe i just got the bottom of the bag since it did seem to just be a bagged mix . plus my taste buds and especially my sense of smell are sensitivenot saying theyre great or even good but they seem pick things up that a lot of folks dont . everyone thought their food ranged from good to pretty good . overall its a decent option if youre in the area and want a nice cafu00e9 experience . read dont want to hit the nearest sandwich  or deli like my preference miracle mile deli up on central and thomas or want a sitdown as opposed to a grabandgo like willo baking co. right next doorholy yum with beautiful  and last i checked they supplied my florists bread anyway . so try my florist for yourself but for the price do not hesitate to bring a discerning palate or be embarrassed to send a dish back if its not up to par .
__label__pos returned to my florist for breakfast wfriends . one friend and i always struggle wthe  vs.  breakfast choice so we  end up ordering one of each and splitting our orders . we opted for this at my florist . we ordered the brioche french toast and the buildyourown omelette . we got the omelette with gruyere cheese spinach and bacon . the portions were huge . we each got a slice of toast wreal butter half an order of  scalloped  half a serving of fresh fruit  of an enormous omelette and 2 slices of french toast . our server had no problem  an extra plate for our meal which makes splitting orders less messy . our coffee water and ice tea were topped off continuously . i cant say enough about the  . it had big chunks of bacon tons of spinach and gooey melted cheese . fabulous real butter and real maple syrup also get a big thumbsup from me . if only they had freshsqueezed orange juice .
__label__neg i was told this place was good and decided to give it a shot . the blonde woman who took my order at the take out  was very icy and treated me as if they were paying me to eat there.nnafter telling her no onions on my gyro and her repeating ok no onions i get my food  minutes later and yep onions all over it . i reminded her that said no onions on the gyro and she proceeds to  me im the face and say i didnt hear you say no onions.nnshe then asks the cooks to make another gyro because and i quote he now says he doesnt want  on it.nnonce i received my food the gyro was soggy as if the pita was wet . the  were average.nni believe in supporting local businesses but im never going back . the service was bad and the food was average . i can  with average food if the experience was pleasant and the  was welcoming but that wasnt the case today.nnsave yourself the hassle and skip this place . youll be treated with  and receive subpar food ... ..late .
__label__pos hertz in sky harbor always seems to upgrade me at no charge . this  was a camaro with 2 miles on it i needed a car for 34  but could turn down the muscle car .  here is always  and returns seem to be fast except on fridays and during baseball spring  . nnthe offsite airport location is way way offsite and it would be really nice if skyharbor  a highspeed rail  to this rental car  . improve upon the sfo design .
__label__pos delicious had  waffles   cheese  and  . im  .  friendly service
__label__pos this was my second time here and it was the same as the last time which i appreciate . we were met at the door with a friendly smile and   . the place was packed with people which was nice . nni ordered the original 3 pieces of fried chicken with  waffles aka the lo lo . the chicken was very good with great flavor and   . the waffles were the same as the last time . good but not great . i would expect more from the waffles due to the fact that the word is in the name of the restaurant but overall they are fine . the  aid was great with zero complaints about it . nnoverall this place is very good and worth the  it takes to drive down to south phoenix . i will certainly come back if im in the area .
__label__neg atmosphere can be warmer if the wait staff smile.ndecor is modern and pleasant . food is  andnportions presented well and adequate . my waitressnwas  and friendly at the start then as two and fourntops  to  up she obviously concentrated on nthose tables rather than me a single . it took 21 minutesnto finally get my check and another waitress had to getnit and took care of the transaction . i tipped her cash for thatnleft nothing for my initial waitress and informed the managernof what had transpired . his reply shes out  for a nhusband and quick  . rather than disappoint anyone i ndecided to not return to this establishment .
__label__pos i have been here 1 time and would totally  . i was there on a weekday night and they had some sort of you call it  for cheap . nnthey had pool tables . all the  were very relaxed . it was a cool chill environment . nnwhat i liked the most was the dim lighting and the  . it was like an 80s porn movie scene . nnthe ages were 2160. more  than  but hey its a bar i dont think i  come here looking to meet anyone .
__label__neg we  to autofit in tempe to buy a new bumper . the company  they could indeed find a new bumper for our car but that it would need to be painted to match my vehicle . additionally they kept my original bumper to use parts from that were intact and not needed to be  . after they finished installing the new bumper we drove away and noticed it seemed to be acting strange . upon investigation we noticed they had actually put back on my original bumper and  to to make it work and fit back to the car . we promptly returned to show them and  our money back . they quickly started to back track  stating that they usually use  part although they priced us and sold us a new bumper and that they couldnt  one . this business is a scam and they are trying to abuse the consumer . we received our money back but have wasted 4 days of our time and still do not have our bumper . if we had not noticed they would have scammed us . do not use this company .
__label__neg this is a  restaraunt i went there for a meetup.com event.ni was not impressed with the atmosphere service or food.nthe seating is too close together and uncomrtable . nthe food was bland.nthe service was not very profesional.nmy frozen strawberry frozen margarita tasted like a  smoothie with no alcohol.nthe only bright spot was the outdoor area with the  mexixan tiled steps which i  a picture on.nthis  is a  . i will not  .
__label__pos i really enjoyed my stay at this hotel the  is very  and the  are very helpful . chuck the assistant manager went a long way just to make my stay  comfortable . beverly  the breakfast hours when she  me  in . tiffany in the front desk made sure that my  arrived on time so i could make it to my business meeting on the schedule . i love this hotel and will definitely come back .
__label__neg i really wish i had a dagger to stab myself in the face for trying to eating here .  the worst place in the entire valley . i would turn around and go ask for my money back but i am to embarrassed to even be seen in the  through again . nnwas on my way home thought i would give it a shot . i ordered random items chicken taco and onion rings . the taco was  eating out of a horse trough.. it fell apart immediately and i found myself trying to shovel it into my mouth . after about two bites i  the meat was  chicken . the onion rings were so blah i didnt even touch them . nnplease do your self a favor.. dig in the nearest  for lunch then go home and pound a bottle of vegetable oil . it sure beats the hell out of this  . no joke .
__label__neg guys  your  bartenders  try to rip you off . when they  a  50 or 100  bill they  to  you change for 20. they treat you like crap . telling you what do you want .
__label__pos thirsty on thursday with a wad of  in my pocket and indebted to my brother for several rounds of drinks he bought me earlier in the week we  off on our bikes down 3rd ave. on a righteous quest that could rival bill and teds any day.nriding  my neighborhood in the pleasant evening air i knew my destination well in advance . nwhere are we going man asks my  panzaesque little brother.nto a land of giants weilding wooden lances and green felt tables where ivory like orbs are ricocheted against one another and ales flow from spigates for mere pence on the dollar . we go my dear boy to a house that is hidden . aye . a hidden housenwhat the hell are you talking about mannonward rocinante i said as i pedaled my fixed gear with all the might my legs could muster . shrugging his shoulders my younger brother kept up the pace on his tank like classic cruiser.nas we approached osborn we wound our way to the hidden houses parking lot and whipped our steeds over to the bicycle lockup . the outside trappings didnt show much promise and my doubts started to arise within me . justin was quite aloof to this however and locked our bikes up promptly and waltzed on in i followed hesitantly . nthe minute we stepped foot inside i felt at ease the relaxed patrons all sat quite quietly humbly watching their football games  and pro.nwe bellyd up to the bar and i ordered a scotch and soda for myself and a pbr for justin .  we stared at the plethora of billiards tables offered to us and after several rounds of bevvy and a  inquiry as to what food they offered the kitchen is closed until further notice we made straight away for a rousing game of pool . nwe neither of us could best one another so the true test of our mettle at billiards will have to come later . 2 to 2  for four games of pool is probably the best deal i have ever come across.nwe left the hidden house in a blurry stupor but we left as champions conquerors of windmills and tins of beer . the ride home not withstanding several scrapes and bruises .
__label__pos    i   the    . mmm
__label__pos  place for some good  food always    and consistently good  . portions are big and prices are decent . only thing i have had there that i didnt like was the beef taco . however my boyfriend liked them . we frequent this  for some quick and  texmex .
__label__pos funny to write this and read the review below mine about tuyen ns brother ridign a motorcycle . nnthis is the only hospital i really like . i would say the comparison between this and good sam is night and day . by contrast good sam is gross . it feels shabby and the people are unfriendly.nnive been to the er at st. josephs twice . the first time was for a motorcycle accident . i was fine after the wreck but my  kind of fell out of its socket so i had to go . i was being seen by a doctor within 20 minutes of walking in on my own strength . the doctor was very  and the nursing staff was great . everyone joked with me and made me feel  comfortable . riding a  in a neck brace and wanting to look around on the way is impossible btw just incase you want to try it cant be done.nnmy second visit was for a more severe thing . i had  poisoning from ycs mongolian bbq read my review on that place and shitthrew up so much that i became severely dehydrated . i couldnt walk on my own and while at urgent care they couldnt get an iv in me due in part to their own  . well again i was called back almost immediately at st. joes . they told me their er is new and is designed to handle many more patients than the other hospitals and it shows . i got a total hottie doctor there she wasnt interested in a guy who was in my state though ... i was gross that day . the  staff is made up of young attractive go getters . not like good sam which is old fat people who work in a gross hospital . nnst . joes for me . ive told my girl that if i have a major emergency ever to make sure i am taken there .
__label__neg hmm ... im not sure what i was expecting from my first taste of native american food but my navajo taco from the fry bread house was did not live up to any ideas i had . the fry bread is good enough ... of course anything you  fry is  tasty but the taco was super bland and nothing interesting . it basically was fried bread with lettuce beans and some cheese slapped in it . nnwhen i add the lackluster food to the fact that the man at the counter was not friendly at all ... rude actually i dont have a very  feeling about my  . my friend was trying to order the stew and some fry bread and the man treated him like he was dumb for not knowing that you have to order a combo to get both . then when we ask what drinks they had the man  rolled his eyes and pointed to a sign ... again like we should have already know where the sign was or what their options were . really we walked in and right up to the counter so we didnt have much chance to familiarize ourselves with their exact setup . i almost said something but didnt  any chance of retaliation in our food . nnso my friends stew was full of flavor and my taco had none . the only saving factor was the dessert fry bread at the end ... nnid go back to try other things if friends invited me again but i might try to find a different fry bread location  the big guy behind the counter was so rude and condescending at this one . nnprolly wont see ya there .
__label__neg two and a  stars.nnfirst off shannon is right . i dont think i will ever be able to call this spectrum mall . i grew up a few blocks away and the  duration of my childhood it was called chris town so chris town it will stay . nnif i were rating chris town of 1992 it would probably be a  or even five  establishment . i think its hey day happened just after the food court was finished then it was downhill from there . nni will  however that there are a couple of a redeeming qualities that remain . ok just one . the costco inside is very convenient and might carry a slightly different selection compared with some of the other costcos around . nnthe  theaters used to be great but just arent anymore . nnwho knows if its all beyond repair but i really do hope not . i loved everything about this  when i was younger . for now though i wouldnt  it minus for a fast costco run .
__label__neg i keep waffling between 2 and 3 stars2.5 is appropriate . banfield is to pets what nextcare is to people . theyre available when you cant get into your regular healthcare doc and will allow  turnaround on service at a decent price . nnthe issue im having is their immediate upsell on tests and extras and also when it comes to vaccinations and medication . in todays economy i cant believe that banfield would put such a hard sell for unnecessary items like they did with me on the last two visits . people dont have a lot on extra money to throw aroundthats why theyre coming to banfield in the first place right nnour last visit my dog fezzy had an eye infection and his vaccinations were due so i asked for a price quote . the first step was to upsell me on tests allergy tests skin tests  and then also to upsell me on the vaccinations and give him more than just rabies and bordatella . there was a shot for parvo seriously thought that was just once when they were puppies and one other disease i didnt remember . nnafter the vet examined fezzy the tech came back and listed 5 medications for him everything from an anitbiotic an analgesic an eye wash an eye ointment and an allergy pill . total bill was to be 465. i scrapped the vaccinations can get them done at the phx spayneuter clinic for much cheaper40 and all the  testsand when i was looking over the needed meds i noticed that the eye ointment was listed at 84.99 for a tube of triple antibiotic eye ointment . essentially were looking at spending 85 on a tube of neosporin . i was shocked the tech said that the vet could give me a presricption for that one to take to my pharmacy if i felt it was too expensive . i immediately agreed . i took the rest of the meds and with the appointment the total came to 105. nnheres the kickeri called 1800petmedsthe  for the  35.99 plus shippingoh it gets better i called cvs on 7th street24.99 but theyd have to order it . it gets even better than thisso i dropped it off at cvs on 16th and camelback and  to pick it up in the afternoonprice was 15.99 a whole 70 cheaper than banfield can you believe that markup nnstaff was friendlyeverything else was alrightjust watch their pricing and look over the details of your bill . ask the questionare these necessary and does my pet really have to have that ohyour regular pharmacy can fill almost all pet medications . check with them firstyoull keep some of that hard earned money in your pocket
__label__neg omg are their any competent fast food places anymore two  in the restaurant  3pmish and three people behind the  counter with 4 more in the back kitchen area . no lie it took these guys almost 9 minutes to  10 pcs of chicken in a bucket and hand it to me with my togo order no condiments utensils plates napkins ... nothing . and they want to  the  wage really
__label__neg i was in the mood to go out for dinner after work instead of going home and i was getting hungry so took out my cell fired up my yelp app and scouted for a good local restaurant . i found one promising tasty mediterranean fare among other things less than a mile away so i made my way over there . good thing i didnt check in before i got to the doorthey were closed for summer hours . note to newer people in phoenixmake sure the restaurant you want to go to is open in the evening before beginning the treknnso i went back to yelp for another restaurant and now in the mood for greek found another one nearbypractically around the corner . crazy jims . sorry people . despite all the other rave reviews i can not concur . nni went in and was seated pretty quickly . the waitress was pleasant and set me up with some water . i liked the tables with a design and crazy jim carved into them . the other diners were real casually dressed with tshirts and shortsi felt dressed up with my  shirt from work nnsince other yelpers didnt rave about the hummus i didnt  that as an appetizer as it was also several dollars anyway . there were two calamari salads one with or without lettuce . i went with the crazy calamari salad with shredded cabbage instead of lettuce to try something different.nnthe good the pita . a nice hot basketful of the slightly charred pita came out which was great as many places seem to microwave it and then it gets hard.nthe not so good the calamari salad . i have had a lot of calamari so i consider myself a pretty good judge of quality calamari . this was not it . the calamari was heavily breaded which may be why it seemed on the greasy side . the breading wasnt very flavorful and the calamari could have been a wee bit more tender . the cabbage was good the onions plentiful and somewhat sweet . there was some feta olives and pepperoncini but it was buried under the cabbage and cucumber so you really had to excavate to find it . disclaimer im not a big cucumber fan so i left a lot of that on my  . the oil and vinegar dressing that is on the salad isnt too flavorfuli added some balsamic vinegar that is on the table for extra zip.nnsince i really hadnt eaten that much i had room for dessert . i inquired about them and found they dont  their own but decided to chance it anyway . the main choices the waitress suggested were a capuccino and chocolate mousse cake the menu said tiramisuwas this it and baklava . i decided to try the cake . a nice moderatesized piece came out with a blob of white next to it . the  explained that they were trying to serve it with whipped cream but it wouldnt keep its shape so that kind of ruined the presentation . uhhuh . well the cake was actually pretty good but after i finished it i realized i hadnt noticed much of a coffee taste . but when i got to the parking lot i burped and i tasted it . and that happened again . and again . what did they use coffee flavor or something nnokay so the verdict ive been to some other greek places within a 2 mile radius of this place as well as elsewhere in  phoenix . do yourself a favor and  thembetter atmosphere and  . unless their specialty is chicken as some other reviewers seem to be saying .
__label__neg absolutely the  business ive ever  in . made a deal on a pistol and agreed  be in at 3. show up at 3 sold it to a guy standing there just before i could get it . i can understand if j was 30 minutes  but i was there exactly at 3 then i had to deal with some old tweaker with greasy hair who tried selling me a hi point with electric tape on the grip and a  for what i was uying a mp for . i stood there looking at the pistols as they walked away and disappeared . greasy and unworthy of my  .
__label__neg dirty   n out .  people walking around outside n  around . less than a  of a roll of tp when we  and we killed  cockroaches  again will we stay here
__label__neg     up .  does not  to  . not 
__label__pos i was sent here by my husband .   would absolutely recommend.neasy to   and  results .  have significantly  me .
__label__pos     .   ..   wha i work at a tanning salon and last year at band camp ... ..
__label__neg why does this place  4 stars the food even for diner food was totally forgettable . my bfs  burrito was nothing special and my gyros  was ok but the pita was buttered . not everything is better with butter the place   the dining room at a retirement home . there were a few regulars but i would assume they go there because it is close to home not because the food is  . the one positive was our waitress . she was really helpful and funny with her regulars . however she kept telling us i hope youre hungry ordering all that food . we were expecting saddle ranch size plates the way she kept going on about the  size totally not the case . his meal was actually on the small  . very strange . this place is for aarp crowd .
__label__neg  the plate . the rice is bland and oily the greek  was  gyro  was  and beef meat was chewy and  comes from a frozen package and was chewy and awful .   greek places out there .
__label__pos  is really good .  is terrific . the bartenders are  . try the  fajitas . they offer other mexican dishes in addition to fajitas . if you like frozen margaritas order them with cuervo gold ... dont use the premix frozen unless you get a  of tequilla added to it . also they cook   there in the open . be prepared to smell like a delicious fiesta after you  .
__label__pos  the handmade  so scrumptious.nnthe queso is awesome but  overpriced 4  on.nnusually always get the shrimp  to share only tried a menu  once and it was good.nnlove it here just not a fan of walking out  like grilled onions .
__label__neg   .   of   .   . long waits between food delivery . nnayce is limited in variety unless you really like california rolls . there are 56 different ones .
__label__pos i stayed for   memorial day weekend with my mom and kids and i was blown away by the great service provided . the staff was exctemely nice . the  were  and the beds were extremely  . the kids loved the pools because one had a slide . i only wish they had  and  with baggage . i will  be back .
__label__neg i really  to do this . this restaurant is fit for those that think taco bell is a great place for mexican food.nnthe buffet was pathetic and contained maybe   no white rice . my sampling of their offerings ranged from terrible to mediocre . china garden has hands down the worst eggroll ive eaten.nngiven the atmosphere of the place it was plain to see china garden had regulars . one guy at the cashier  commented that hed been coming since 1970. i dont get it . this is the worst restaurant i have ever dined at.nnthe staff and whom i presumed to be the ownermanager was  and friendly but that can not make up for the poor quality of  and food .
__label__neg this place really isnt worth one star but since thats the lowest option i have ... nni have been here twice and really didnt enjoy the first trip . i enjoyed tonights visit even  . we only came here to eat because our favorite restaurant was so packed we couldnt even  a parking spot . i ordered a cheese crisp with chicken on it . it took over a half hour to get our food . we sat there and waited and waited . our waitress at one  said our food should be up soon and then we didnt see her for another 15 minutes . when my food  it was cold . not wanting to wait another half hour for a replacement meal i scraped all the cold chicken half of which looked disgusting btw off the cheese crisp and just ate the cold cheesetortilla . my moms cheese enchilada wasnt cooked either . the cheese wasnt even remotely melted.nnour waitress took another 15 minutes to bring our bill and asked if we needed boxes . we said no . another 5  went by and she came back to get the card . by this time i was irritated . she obviously had too many tables and couldnt keep up with her workload . when she finally came back with our card she asked again if we wanted boxes . i finally told her that she should tell the people in the kitchen our food had come out cold . she apologized but after the excessive delays and the cold food its just not  to make me want to eat here again . the only good thing i can say is the chips were good .
__label__neg the glowing  reviews brought me here and it was good but not in my opinion deserving of the rahrahrah . nnnote that this is an orderatthecounter type of place as opposed to a restaurantrestaurant . nnmy fish tacos were tasty although a bit  . the actual fish was  and well prepared but the tacos themselves could have used a little zing . i did add the salsa that was given to  and that helped but it still felt like it  something .
__label__pos a dear friend of mine turned 40 in january and her mother arranged for a get together to celebrate her birthday here . i was a little put off at the idea of a pool hall and when i looked up the location i realized this had some other  when we were in high school and has been around for a long time . nnthe whole metro center area has changed a lot over the years . back in the 80s it was a great place to cruise when we werent on central avenue but i digress . i borrowed moms car drove from sun city and arrived close to the start time of the get together . i have been friends with kari since we were 15 and by coming to town for her birthday weekend was able to see some women i hadnt seen  we finished high schoolback in  yeah i know ... .nni had very low expectations and i was glad . the place is pretty run down but super low key . had i been there for other reasons i  have entered into one of their  poker tournaments but i was there for other reasons . there was a small group of people for this shindigaround 15 at one point but really about 10 for the long haul . no one ended up playing pool but there were tons of tables along with darts and some video games . they had a great  and we had a blast playing all sorts of music from several different decades . they offer food no one ordered any a full bar and lots of specials on  . the cocktail waitresses were very nice but that could be because i tip very well but it was fun . n nthis place could use a  good cleaning as i left smelling like something stalemoldy . not such a good thing when only in town for the weekend with limited clothing . thank you febreeze
__label__pos craigs   reupholstered my    . they matched the original pattern however upgraded the fabric to leather . they also recovered the sun visors for me . great workmanship decent price and they finished before i expected them to . i will go back
__label__pos so i live in the ghetto and this is the home depot i go to even  there is  a  closer to my house . nnthe staff here is always very  and very very helpful on my recent trip denny in the  section was beyond helpful i wouldnt have been able to complete my project  his help nnthe hubs and i also  carpeting from here for our bedrooms . they look  and were installed quickly
__label__neg meh ... forgetful  food ...   to    star for the free peanuts.. and   ...
__label__pos i have been dealing with the owner tony since he was up on 27th avenue and northern years ago . i drive an 02 chevy silverado and my mother drives an 87 nissan pulsar . i have  tony to be one of the most honest and upfront  i have ever dealt with . he gives fair prices for repairs and usually quotes me in aftermarket and  parts prices so i can decide what i can afford . he has helped me with small fixes at reasonable prices and quick oil changes as well . he always takes care of my 60 year  mother which is nice considering he could charge more but elects not to do it . he is certified all the way and i have  had any issue with his work after i leave . i trust this mechanic and ever  he moved down to 16th street he actually has decent parking thank god and more lifts.nnhe is a  mechanic one i trust and will continue to do business with .
__label__neg      employees who couldnt  up their outgoing message on their voice mail but still insist they know which external hard drive you need for maximum value.nnmeaningless redundant shelf tags that never ever correlate with the product placed above it.nnimpulse buy candy and junk food thats already passed its expiration date.nndefective twicereturned equipment packaged in damaged thricereturned packaging held together with tape and labels.nnbathrooms that are uncomfortably crowded with all those same fucking  that can never be found when you have a question compulsively washing their hands and talking about that ass hole who cock blocked them the night before.nnbitch with a clipboard . hey stop making tally marks and get on a register and ring me up . maybe if you werent lurking around the cashiers and making your little notes youd have a better turnover rate.nn ... shit.nni forgot what i was doing.nnwas i writing a review for frys electronics or making a list of things not to have if you want a respectable electronics store.nnoh fuck it.nnive been here a few times . it might as well be a review . nnno one reads this stuff for accurate factual information anyway .
__label__pos   for a   .     quality and consistency with everything weve tried here even their steamed veggies are amazing . try their honey medium spicy wings bomb great service and drinks .
__label__neg we had a small group go in for snacks and drinks after visiting the 13th  haunted house on the other side of the mall . we got a  on the patio and when we  with our waitress she wanted a credit card or for us to pay as we go . now maybe this place has some sort of problem with people walking out on them but if thats the case its probably because of staff like her . when i questioned her about it she tried to give us some half hearted sob story about why it needed to be done . i guess at this point realizing i was pretty  and wasnt going to do either of the options she had given me she offered up another server which we gladly accepted . the next waitress was much more pleasant and friendly and shockingly didnt require a credit card deposit or to pay as we go .  it was a pretty bad first impression but by the end of the night i was satisfied . the fried zucchini was pretty good i wasnt too impressed with the  or the garlic bread that we got  . the beer was  and cold
__label__pos when i am having a   after  out a gargantuan trail  i  this place up .   all sorts of gluttony  items .
__label__pos this place is that neighborhood mom and pop deli where the owners really get to know their customers . definitely has a  and relaxing atmosphere . not like one of those chain  that tries to make your sandwich in  time and push you out the door.nnthey make their own bread and have a good selection of boars head meat . really cant go wrong with the  they offer and prices are very low . if you dont know what you want just ask and they will suggest their most popular sandwich an italian sub . ham salami  lettuce tomato and bug juiceitalian dressing on what they call a smiley roll.nnvilla deli has been a staple in the neighborhood for many years and will be for years to come . looking forward to my   cant wait
__label__pos i really  this place . very  and friendly people . the  arent bad but the people are so very nice and genuine . not a   just a great place to relax and have   .  it youll like it i did .
__label__pos oh wow this  is awesome i  everything about it the other day after a long day at work i got there at closing time thinking it would still be open . i  the door and it was locked and saw the chairs were all set up on the tables etc . i was so sad and started to walk away and a  there came out and asked me to come in . he said they had only just closed so they were still working on putting the food away and would make me something  . it was so sweet and after a long day of work it just made my  their food is so yummy too and all the  that work there have  been so sweet .
__label__pos the food is pretty standard americanized italian fare but tasty nonetheless . they have very reasonable lunch specials during the week and kids eat free on wednesdaysnnive been here many times mainly with large groups of people and have never been disappointed . the service is excellent . they pay attention to the details of finer dining establishments and have service thats comparable . nnthe menu is on the heavy side and if i were basing it just on the  id give it 3 stars . the only option for  fare are the salads . its the only thing that wont make you feel like you just ate a half pound of butter and cheese . nnthe layout of the restaurant is very interesting as it used to be an old first interstate bank remember those the numerous winding hallways make it obvious that it wasnt  as a restaurant . it definitely adds to the charm of the  but youre for sure to get lost on the way to the  the  time youre there . nnthey also have a large banquet room which  to be the banks safe . the very thick interior walls are exposed so as not to mask the fact that youre  in the safe thats very cool .
__label__neg first of all theres hardly any information online on hours and rental prices so after getting lost for a little  trying to find the place we ended up getting there at 245. we get there only to find out that they only take cash information that is not available on the website and that we would have to drive 7 miles down the road to the nearest atm and be back by the time they close rentals at 330 also not on the website . we did that and got back at 315 only to find that they decided to close early for the day after specifically telling us that they would be open until 330. nnwe essentially wasted 3 hours of our time and a lot of  in gas and all we got were coupons for  rentals in the future . we didnt even get to go down the river . waste of time waste of a day horrible customer service . i would  05 if i  but because they are the only game in town i suppose i have no choice to go back nnside note 17 for a tube rental is a ridiculous price for a piece of rubber and a 5 minute   .
__label__neg so as an auto  ive had nothing but good experiences with aaa from georgia to nm to california to mass and back home to az never a problem . nnits the travel department that nearly screwed us for our wedding . way back when we looked into destination weddings with a aaa az branch . our rep always said im looking into it ill call you tomorrow and then a week later id call to ask what the  up was and was met by the same thing . a month passes by and we find out that rep was fired . nnso weve got plenty of time and decide to go to a different aaa az branch the one on glendale ave. we were greeted with smiles and elations by their travel rep who said she had a great deal of experience with destination weddings and she would handle everything to make our experience hassle free and a joy to remember . said she did the same trip although not for a wedding for a group of friends every year so she knew what she was doing . things went sour from there . nnwe hardly ever received return phone calls on time . all the guests we invited that were to book through this aaa branch never received phone calls back . so everysingleone of our guests did their own booking with the hotel and airlines ... .not just 12 guests all of them . and when we pressed her about this it was always oh my system crashed or oh my phone wasnt working ... .come onnnfast forward to a week before our trip departure ... for our wedding and honeymoon . still no  from the aaa rep. three days before we finally get confirmation . you want to see stressed how about a bride and groom having to wait till the last minute to find out if all their rooms and flights were booked after paying everything up frontnnbut the proverbial icing on the cake we were advised to have our invitees donate a wedding  to our wedding through the aaa travel website . that way those guest that couldnt attend could still give us something and at the end wed get a check . nnunfortunately it wasnt that easy . at no point were we informed that 10 of donations would be kept by aaa . furthermore my now wife has had to make numerous calls to the aaa office to  get our wedding donation check . it was always theyre cutting the check today ... a week later ... .theyre cutting the check today  . nnto summarize ill keep my aaa for cars only . their travel department was probably one of the most unprofessional unorganized and untimely  ive ever had to deal with . we wouldve saved ourselves a boat load of stress by doing it ourselves .
__label__pos excellent  . plain n simple delicious . as good as jimmy johns but this place has  on cheba  . nnthe  are tasty price is ok. this   subway any day .
__label__neg maricopa.govnfood inspection  jan 2013 rcvd a c rating.nobserved accumulation of black  slime  in  of  machine in back  area . nni am  grossed out
__label__pos i have eaten at kwans 45 times since i  to az from cali and have been more than satisfied with the food portions staff and location 2 min  away also the bar area is really nice . i have read some of the reviews on the out of date decor but personally i dont mind it at all but that is coming from someone who thinks 90s  kills all that crap that is on the radio these days nnif i have to complain about something i would mention that the lowmein is very greasyoily . i have avoided ordering it my last 3 times although it is normally my favorite thing to eat . i have a feeling the cooks in the kitchen arent chinese dated a girl for 3 years that worked at a chinese  nnanyway my complaints are not big enough to keep me away form this place i am eating bbq pork fried rice and walnut  right now that i picked up earlier and it is delicious . the staff is friendly the food is  i enjoy the oldschool look . nnps.. people with a negative outlook on life will leave overly negative feedback on anything they can so give this place a chance . dont let a bad review stop you from checking this place out try it for yourself because i am definitely a  and i am a pretty picky eater . nnwould have rated  stars if low mein was not so oily
__label__neg ok. so this place seems to have  some sort of management change . all of the  staff is  and with it the service  and food . we used to come here regularly but after last  i doubt well be going back . we were greeted quickly and sat at a booth . however while we were walking to the booth you could clearly see food on the floor under the table . no attempt was made to clean the floor . we ordered fried rice which came cold . the kung pao vegetable plate was ok. my   some chicken plate which she said was bland with no flavor . i dont get it . why do restaurant owners forget what they are in business for . all i want is good food and good service . this restaurant missed the mark on both counts .
__label__pos     . dr.  is  and  . so glad we found a good dentist for when we are vacationing in this area
__label__neg nice  .   for    isnt  .
__label__pos  i found my mechanic here . its taken two years to  a great mechanic . chad is the kind of mechanic you dream of . im not kidding . honest and reliable . when diagnosing your car he starts with the least expensive problem and systematically eliminates whatever could be wrong . my car was overheating and i was told by several auto repair shops that it was a head gasket and quoted prices ranging from7002700 to fix it and a lot of those shops are  on yelp with 5 star reviews chad did a compression  first and then checked the thermostat which was fine . then he  the water pump which ended up being the issue . absolutely  service from everyone in this shop . also took me home while it was being repaired and picked me up when it was  . its such a relief knowing that i can count on chad to do the job right next time  else comes up with my car .
__label__neg this is the worst little caesars ive been to . now i already have really low expectations as it is hot n ready but every time i get it the pizza tastes like cardboard  its been in a  for a week . since i live close to here ive found that bad pizza is consistent and it was never a fluke . i even tried box just ordering it fresh and waiting around 7 minutes for it and it still came out awful . the crust was too chewy and overcooked the sauce toppings were skimpy there was a full one and a half inch ring of crust around it and the cheese was  . youd  they could at least make  fresh pizza . id skip this little caesars and  to the pizza hut across the  or the little  on val vista and university
__label__pos i love the margherita pizza here right amount of sauce chunks of mozzarella  and big leaves of basil delicious hot perfect they get their  from the breadsmith off power and mcdowell . its great they have   pizza drinks and desserts come check out this adorable  there is a wait on the weekends so  and  in early on the weekdays their cappuccinos are delicious with some decent tiramsu enjoynnto bad they dont 
__label__neg do not use this service i am still absolutely horrified by the customer service we received today . our spa broke the other night of course when we were actually  to use it so we called our home warrenty who  are contracted with fosters . i read some negative and positive reviews on kudzu but of course we are at the mercy of our home warrenty.nnthe technician came to our house today to do a diagnostic on it and after a while with him outside we received a call from our home warranty  us that the technician called them and said he was unfamiliar with our type of spa and  not be able to  it . first of all the spa and control panel are by two different companies so we have no clue what which company he was  with . second and most  we went outside to talk to him and he was gone he just left without even speaking to us . in all fairness we called the company to complain and they offered to send someone else out . thankfully our warranty is sending a  company to us .
__label__pos i have a  no spending money in mesa policy . i avoid mesa the same way i avoid nests of black widows but thats a separate issue . i admit that there are a few places in mesa and i  a few where i will spend my money . red white and brew is one of those few locations . nnmesa doesnt have many restaurants like this especially not in  east mesa . the floor plan is open airy well lit and feels roomy to me even when the place is jam packed . i like the du00e9cor it feels urban and modern . they bring to the table little buttery garlic bread things which are good but filling . i have to have one and stop . im still impressed with their delicious barbeque chicken pizza and its my default choice if i cant decide on anything else . i have tried a number of other dishes pasta steak fish salads and have enjoyed every one . the portion sizes are pretty damn enormous and i find it best to share with someone . the dessert menu is always a temptation as well . nnthey have a nice wine bar and i like their selection of draft beer . in the winter they sometimes carry pumpkin porter from four peaks . its a seasonal favorite and if i wasnt so paranoid about calories id drink it all the time.nnive never had an unpleasant experience with the staff . they have always been friendly helpful and professional . nnthe last time i checked they dont take reservations which makes going with a group a  difficult . depending on the time of day and the day of the week the wait to get in can take a while . i hate waiting especially to eat at a place in mesa but red white and brew is usually worth it .
__label__pos i  be a  biased  ive known the  family for many   this show is  very  folk
__label__neg this store is nasty . the hubbie will shop here but after my last visit about 4 months ago i am proud to say i have not gone anywhere near it and am committed to never set  in it again.nnthe parking lot is horribly  very dirty . gee nice you have a security  but why not put up more lightsnnonce you walk into the store the place has an odd smell kinda chemical like everything has been dunked into some odd preservative or delouser.nnthe shopping carts are covered in a greasy grime i would hunt for one that i could  putting my purchases inside.nnwalmarts  of cleanliness makes it easy for me to pay a little more to shop at  .
__label__pos first  customer glad i tried them not knowing what their pizza would be like and the fact that they served by the slice made my  easy . i ordered 2  to start with one had  tomatoe mushroom and onions and the other had meatballs peperoni and tomatoes . they were  the crust was thin but not like a cracker had a nice chewiness to it with a bit of crunch . nice home made  not sweet like some or too spicy like others . my wife says she has found a new pizza place and im sure we will be regulars . our third slice had meatballs anchovy and tomatoes . we were amazed at the quantity and  of the toppings . of all the toppings the meatball was our favorite . the slice comes off of a 24 inch pizza so it is plenty to eat at 2.25 a slice and 35 cents per topping . they make one great ny style pizza on each table there was parmesan cheese oregano red peper flakes garlic salt and salt and pepper . cant wait to go back .
__label__pos the supreme breakfast burrito is the number one breakfast burro in chandler a must  for all . i am impressed with the meat portions in the tacoenchilada  as well..the downers ... they desperately  some spicy hot sauce . i hope to see this place do well and stick  for a long time to  . i would also like to  the owner be a little tougher on a few of his employees dress code on the phone while working smoking out front etc .  great spot to fill the hunger void for less than 10.00..giant drinks as well .
__label__neg this is the worst  course ive ever played on . it was only 15 in the  during the summer and i still felt  off . the  were atrocious most of them on the front nine had large dirt  all over them and you could hardly tell where the green ended and the fringe began . everything here is old and not in a vintageantique way but in a  maintained  . youd be better off not golfing at all than playing here .
__label__neg this is a crowne plaza this is more  a standard motel 6 that costs 3x the  . i mean i got a king size office suite and it has a tiny  tv in it . i didnt even know these things still  outside of them at salvation army . bathroom is blah im questioning cleanliness of bed sheets and room in  . staff at front  was  nice though .
__label__neg i was in on saturday about 830 i didnt  the name of the big blonde  that took my order she reeked of alcohol wasnt very   me the customer plus the food was not what i order she  me it was what i ordered i will never come back to hoosiers cafe ever again ps if i was the owner i would fire her on the spot for disrespecting a paying 
__label__neg we  dr stevennupdate 72413nnin all the years we have been coming here we have not had a single issue until they hired the new woman up front . i believe her name is siri . today took the cake but before that a little back story . we have called for the 6mo appointment for lily mae for the past few weeks . every day she answers and gives whatever excuse she can think of . computers down no appointments for two weeks she is too busy right now i have heard them all . finally my wife gets us an appointment today at one two four zero yes one two four zero . seriously who gives the appointment time like that siri does that is who . then gives you an attitude and acts like your ignorant when you clarify . after making the appointment she asked what the appointment is for and when she hears it is for a six month checkup daughter is now seven months took that long to get in she gives my wife the third degree for getting her in late . remember we are only late because their have been no appointments computers down i dont have time for this right now for the past three weeks . nnso we get to the appointment thirty minutes early . those with two or more kids know its thirty minutes early or thirty minutes late there is no happy medium . check in and get things going . siri first time i have met her in person informs me that my insurance is cancelled . i advise her that it is not cancelled there has been an ongoing issue with my insurance and they had to remove and readd lily mae as her birth date was incorrect in their systems . she gives me an attitude and tells me that i will have to pay the bill if the insurance company does not pay . i let her know again that they will pay the bill and i am already aware of the issue . most would leave it at that but not siri . oh no she must seek the truth about ten minutes later i hear her blurting out my insurance id number . she was on the phone with my insurance company to verify my insurance before she would let us go in for our appointment . unbelievable so the insurance company who has not yet been informed by my employer of the changes to the birth date all of this transpired this week tells her that lily mae is no longer on the plan duh i just told you all of this . she tells the agent thanks i knew there was something going on well put a stop to this and hangs up . giving me a dirty look she calls me back up to tell me that the doctor can not see me unless i pay for the visit . game over no more being nice . after giving her a piece of my mind another woman up front came out and i stopped addressing her . within a few seconds of talking to this other woman she understood the situation and got us back on track . siri was not having any of that and started her mouth back up glaring and laughing at me . nnat this point i was done speaking with her and informed them i would be leaving their office and would not return . as i was getting the girls things packed up and watching as siri sat in her chair watching us and smiling as if she just did something grand i chose to stay in spite of her . she is not an accurate reflection of this practice everyone else is great . i jump on the phone with my benefits department at work and they confirm lily mae is insured within a few minutes . i have never had a claim not go through at their office . my kids have both went there their entire lives . to treat someone that loyal like they are the scum of the earth is completely unacceptable . to call a patient a liar that has been with your practice since the start and go as far as calling in benefits for a wellness checkup is far beyond excusable . my advice to dr gentile and the rest of the staff get rid of this cancer before you lose more patients . if she is here with this attitude when i come back for our nine month checkup we will not be back.nnnow to be fair the star rating is down based solely on this person . without her this office is still a five star . with her here the positives do not outweigh the negative she creates .   and the rest of the staff were quite apologetic for her actions but they should never have to be put in such a position . she has no business in the position she is in she needs to be tucked away in a cubicle somewhere handling tps reports and speaking to no clients of whatever business she is working for .
__label__neg a small indoor   that also  a   shop a bookstore and a clothing shop . we sat down at the  restaurant and ordered carnitas which were pretty flavorful and sat down at one of the benches in the wide open area for seating . there is a big screen tv which everyone seemed to have been watching intently . we watched a couple of kids from the hair salon a few steps away wrestle over a ball . for some reason in the back it also doubles as a daycare for childrennnwhat i did find refreshing was the horchata and snow cone that i ordered . on the side of the restaurant there is an ice cream stand that serves fruit juices and snow cones of all flavors . anyone that sells snow cones is okay in my book . there was  some small clothing stores inside but nothing that i would really go out of my way to return to again . it was strange because everything was so  inside .
__label__pos great    definitely my favorite place to get drinks with  and play  . awesome happy hour prices and the  are very good . the crispy chicken salad is to die for . they  have an internet jukebox  it very easy to create your own environment with your own music .
__label__neg after reading the reviews both good and bad i decide to take the chance and take the fam there to  a nice saturday morning breakfast . well we arrived late and  up having lunch . we waited about 15 minutes to be seated . we were seated outside on a semienclosed patio . that day was very windy and cold . it was also very loud.. nafter waiting 30 minutes we finally got our food . the  on the menu for my husbands sandwich said piled high what he got was totally different.. maybe one slice of turkey was in his sandwich . the food was not that great..  the check and when to the counter to pay i asked the owner to itemize the bill . i didnt  comfortable paying just the total written on the bottom of the check . nwell what do you know there was a mistake.. not only is he  people a different amount then what his menu reads but he is also taxing every item.. nyou are supposed to tax the whole amount after everything is rung up.. not each item.. gheesh nafter arguing with him and creating a rucus in the restuarant i was very glad to leave.. no apology was ever given and we will not be returning.. ni will be contacting the airport to advise of them of the tax fraud going on there as well . usually i dont care about a few cents but if he does that with everyone it equals out to thousands of dollars a year.. its ethically not right ... nwhat a cheat
__label__pos  bang for the   a   has a   cantina  .
__label__neg i hate giving bad reviews and i really  to like this place . more than that i hate wasting my money and time on a place that consistently disappoints.nnit is remarkable how almost every review on the yelp has a common theme about the orange table a lack of service and a lack of speed . no problem most reviewers contend as the food usually more than makes up for any wait or shoddy service . my  and i went this morning and got the expected level of service ie none but were surprised at how bad the food was this time aroundnnthe greek omelet was palatable but did not have feta cheese in it as advertised . they used to put a pretty  portion of butter on the toast but it seemed almost rationed . nnthe potatoes were raw not underdone but raw horrid . the cook might be busy as other reviews mention but at least cook your potatoes ... petty basic . they were hot as if they had put freshly cut potatoes in a skillet of hot oil let them cook and coat for maybe a minute then put them on my plate with my cold  and even colder eggs . so much for the cooks craft.nnthe coffee tasted extremely weak and watered down which was surprising since their coffee drinks are usually pretty good . we have eaten there before over the years and have come to expect the lousy service but it is almost like they try to outdo themselves onnna . taking you to your freshly bussed table to wash it down with a soaking   leaving you with no utensils water or napkins to bail the surface of your table out with . from there we waited fifteen minutes after being seated to get any attention at all . again we expected this as it happened once before.nnb . refilling your horrible coffee without asking first . if you have cream and sugar in your coffee arent you supposed to at least ask i have never been a server so i really would not know.nnc . diners usually have newspapers or at least the  times around ... not the ot ... bring something with or you will be reading java..which will not last you for your forty minute wait for your food.nnd . visibly bummed patrons there were three other couples that were not happy with their food and wait time . some time is reasonable but over thirty minutes for eggs given there was no wait time inclines me to believe that other  are having the same luck.nnin this economy you would think that these guys would pick up the hints we write on here . cool places to eat breakfast in the valley are hard to come by and its unfortunate that this place consistently disappoints . i would give it another chance but three times is enough .
__label__neg  . i really dont like this particular kona grill . its in the mall which is convenient for shoppers but the  ive gone the service was  i dont like the look of it and it smells  bad inside . the  is  special just a mix of all sorts of  things . its  . they have a sushi bar and i have had the rainbow roll there which was okay but i wouldnt recommend this to anyone at all .
__label__neg i really should know better by now ... if its not a  sushi restaurant.. dont order sushi its like ordering fish at a burger placennsushi looked amazing but the rice on their  was a bit hard . needless to say i didnt finish the  otherwise i would have hurlednni also had their  stickers which again i did not enjoy . sad to say but lean cuisines have better potstickersnnlastly but not least their brownie  was ... meh.nnperhaps had i ordered a   i would have had a better experience .
__label__neg this place did not impress me at all . the food was mediocre at best and expensive service was horrible much better food at  bell . nnthe waiter was nowhere to be found most of the evening when he brought the checks they were doubled up in the folios with no explanation . nnwhen the waiter returned the checks for credit card signatures he dropped them in a big pile and left . nnwe  the manager to  the service he was very indignant and  us feel as if they were doing us a favor by  us to visit their  . nndefinitely would not recommend this restaurant unless you value poor service  prices and mediocre food . nni will definitely never eat at this restaurant ever again .
__label__neg was excited to try this place out with the wife for a friends birthday dinner . atmosphere was great even for june on the patio . they had black bean tortillas and whipped butter on the tables that was delicious . margaritas were good and that would probably wrap up all the good . nnnow the ugly we were with a large party that showed up in groups . which most service people would assume separate checks or at  ask . this wasnt a concern until the end of the evening when our server presented 1 check and expressed dismay along with words of discouragement that it would take a while to split very unprofessional for an upscale mexican restaurant in scottsdale . i  that the management at this establishment is non existent . servers  to do as they please reach over guests place plates in front of incorrect guests .  of the simple things that management would typically ensure that there staff is engaged in doing correctly . nnnow the food . carne y camerones steak and shrimp great ingredients but poor execution . the steak was overcooked as well as the shrimp and served cold . the  potatoes were tasty but dry and cold as well . i feel that the  had their timing off maybe because of the large party or just the fact that they didnt care . the technique and the ingredients were there for a great  but it felt thrown together and was served cold . nnthis restaurant could be great they have a good menu good drinks great atmosphere but the service execution professionalism and passion is not there . i blame the management .
__label__pos for a sunday night this place was crackin a group of us rolled in after dinner at ra and found the party . it was not too busy to be able to order a drink and their bar was more than amply staffed . they have an army of attendants ready to sweep up broken glass pick up  drinks and manage the  lines and cleanliness . the dj was playing a great and fair mix of hiphop  40 and housedance music . there was a 5  which i thought was fair considering how heavily staffed they were and how relatively reasonably priced their cocktails were . a nice plus was that we were able to secure a free table opposite from the bar . great  of the vip and the floor .  im in scottsdale i always enjoy having a few drinks here .
__label__pos just as i said in my review in february i returned and had the insaladda della  then the complimenti alla mamma pizza . just like before everything was  and i would order it again . i just wish i remembered to read my earlier  before returning so i would be sure to order something different . all the pizzas sound good and i  to try each one . the service was very good . our waitress didnt seem to  that we kept wanting to sample wine before we bought a bottle . their wine selection by the way is very good and reasonably priced . finally i must add that   can be a bit noisy when it is crowded .  permitting the patio is a better place to sit eat and chat .
__label__pos i know i know . its red lobster . its been at least 10 years since i set foot in one . but hubby and i watch the food network and on sunday we  kelsey win the fresh fish challenge on the next food network star . it was an odd sounding dish macadamia tilapia with white chocolate beurre blanc and hubby decided he had to try it . so i got a couple of gift cards using my amex points so if it was awful at least we werent paying for it.nnhubbys advice to  get over your disdain for chains and do not  this dish . kelsey is some kind of bizarre genius . and i have to agree . i never would have  this would be good but it totally works . the tilapia was perfectly cooked crusted with a generous amount of toasted macadamia nuts and sitting in a pool of beurre  with a light taste of white chocolate . for top chef fans this was not anything like dales butterscotch scallops . it was subtle and unexpectedly amazing.nnmy dinner was fine . i had the honey and citrus glazed grilled skewers of shrimp and scallops . the  were overdone but the shrimp were cooked well and the glaze was a  nice complement to them . nnconclusion go for the kelsey special . its the  deal .
__label__neg very high rent for a complex that is degraded and under an extremely slow process of renovation.nthe  is  of barking dogs and horrible owners that  their  home alone to sit there  and whine and be neglected and management is powerless to do anything.njust walk around the grounds and listenna generous  stars for nice front office staff
__label__pos this place is  . i get 80 of my groceries here . they have the best quality and prices for produce in the area . its also a lot cheaper to buy nuts and  etc in the bulk section  need just a 14 cup of dried apricots for a recipe well no use in buying a whole package when you can just get what you need they have a pretty good wine selection too and you can get some fairly inexpensive labels to try . nntheir  is always friendly and can help you find whatever you need . and for those of us who bring our own bags they  you .10 cents off for each bag . most other stores i know maybe do .5cents or nothing at all . go on wednesdays when their sale flyers overlap and you get to take advantage of two weeks worth of  items
__label__pos was at the phoenician for a meeting and it was excellent . it is a very  quality sparesort with amazing golf and tennis courts . the service is  and the food simply  . it doesnt need another review since everyone on here seems to have loved their stay as well but just wanted to   5 stars to the phoenician . go there to  and indulge if you are in the  and are  for a great place to stay .
__label__neg as a  i remember going to sbarro in the malls back in illinois . even as a teenager we would still  up sbarro . i  the pizza being huge slices of super thin delicious  pizza.nni dont  what happened . the gf and i were at fashion  and i thought i could relive my youth.nni could not have been more wrong . talk about garbage pizza . i had a slice of cheese and a slice of pepperoni . the pizza tasted and looked like it was just a reheated frozen pizza . the crust sucked the slice was small with a thicker crust the sauce tasted like sweet artificiality . and not sweet as in good sweet as in too much  . and the cheese congealed in about 30 secs to a weird fake cheese consistency.nnthey also had other italian entrees sitting in the  but these looked like they had been sitting in the same spot since the mall opened that morning.nnthe gf made fun of me when i said i was going to yelp the sbarros at the mall . . . but i want to save anyone else from having their teenage mall memories drowned in gross tomato sauce and crappy crust .
__label__neg they  new customers a   then existing customers . we left after pointing out this was not showing customer appreciation .    before next   . no refund .
__label__pos i know i know ... why the hell  kazimierz hasnt everyone reviewed it already yes.. but i cant help it . its sentimental . ive had some of my best dates here . and its where i met my husbandnso deal with it people.nnlove the atmosphere . even when you walk in it smells like tannins or is that dirty  well whatever . it always feels dark and earthy and romantic.ni always get the fondue which is pretty good . nnthe   to go here is not on the weekend  . sundays thursdays any other days they will often have live jazz or blues . tonight i got to hear jazzy christmas music which was great . the weekends however can be lame as they charge you for ...  nothing other than walking in the door.nnwhy not five stars well the long line for the bathrooms . and the fact that in spite of being a wine bar many of the wines arent that good . i was all excited to try  of the flights they have with armenian and lebanese wines . but they werent actually that good . some of the other wines ive tasted have just been mediocre.none exception the zinfandel i had tonight . something from mortenson dry creek . cant remember the actual  of it because well i had too many glasses of it ... but it was delicious spicy and warm and with a finish that reminded me of ... marshmallows i know that description wont make it into wine spectator or anything but honestly it was awesome
__label__neg ive been a loyal nordys customer for years . i even worked there for about four years in the past.nin recent years it sure seems their customer service is slipping.nmens rail never has been a department ive recognized for their customer service . it was never bad service by any means it just wasnt nordstrom quality service . ive felt no sense of loyalty with any associate in that department becuase thought friendly they never  to care much . its the department i do the majority of my nordstrom shopping but no one ever remembers me from my previous shopping trip no matter how recent ive never been sent a thankyou card and though i have asked numerous times ive never been called about sales or new items.ni will describe my last couple visits to the rail.nearlier this year i was rummaging through a sale rack . i was completely ignored while the three associates there helped customers who were perusing the regular priced racks . not only that but two female associates were talking about one of the sale shirts that i was  in my hand . one girl said she wasnt sure if she liked it shed have to see it on her boyfriend but it might be too ugly for her to let him wear . the other girl replied yeah the color is a little gay . now they werent  about it because it was in my hand and i dont feel they were homophobinmy last visit started the most recent string of events that really have left me questioning any future shopping at the store.ni had another pair of jeans i brought in for a repair . i was again offered an exchange but i was insistant on the rapair because i really loved them and they didnt have them anymore . i was wanting a small tear repaired and was originally planning on shipping them out to new york to have them rewoven . i instead opted to try nordstrom hoping to save a few bucks  the cost of shipping to and from nyc . well i was shocked when the associate asked the manager how to ring it up and she said to do it as customers own goods no charge . i told her the jeans are a couple years old its just from wear and tear not a defect . i was told not to worry about it and needless to say i was very excited . i was  on spending about 2025 for the repair . i asked how the repair would be done and they said they would be rewoven . even better so i clarified that they would be actually rewoven and not patched . i was told yes that was correct.nso they took them in and gave me the date of 64 that i could come in and pick them up . well that date came and went . i was so busy i didnt get a chance to go get them . no big deal i wasnt in a rush . on 612 the associate that had helped me originally called me about the jeans asking if i had wanted them shortened . i said no just the repair that i brought them in for . he didnt know what repair and i described what i wanted . he told me he just found the original slip the  had not been touched yet but he would put a rush on it and ship them to me for no extra charge . he said i should get them by saturday or monday.nwell that didnt happen . i called this past thursday and spoke with the department manager and explained the situation . he said he was the only one on the floor but would look for them and call me back later that day.nthat didnt happen either . i called back the next day . he tells me im sorry you must not have gotten my message . well of course i didnt get your message you didnt call me so you obviously didnt leave me a message eithernwell that is what i wanted to say . but i was nice . he said the jeans were going out that day . that did happen and i got them the  daynthankfully they had not been shortened but they also were not rewoven . they were patched and then stitched over the patch . im annoyed but the thread they used is a  match and they did do a good job . the work is very subtle and hardly noticeable.nthis is just not the level of service i would expect from this store regardless of what department i am in . i know i probably shouldnt complain about a free service but i didnt expect or ask for it to be free ...
__label__pos i   molinos their breakfast  are my favorite my  my go to place for mexican food and they  thats right mexican food that  . the food is pretty authentic which is rare to find in these neck of the woods . nni wish i could of taken a pic of how the food is packaged for delivery . i mean everything is sealed taped and packaged very nicely and professionally no messes no forgotten items legit  which to me is a big deal means they really care how your food is delivered nnagain highly recommend this place for  in or delivery you guys rock
__label__pos all you chocolate elitists can turn your noses up at sees all you want . i love it and i always will.nnsees was the special candy my family tried to order every christmas . back in those days before the internet we still had 8track tape  at a time when no one really knew anything existed other than what you had seen there was russell stover whitmans samplers that my cheap ass uncle was fond of giving in  of a real present and sees . there was no comparison . sees was it . i didnt even know they had stores then much  stores that give out free candy just for coming in . kind of like a  drive without the pressure.nnand i still prefer sees over its closest competitor to me locationwise godiva . why  the free candy for one . number two it doesnt cost 60 a pound more like 16. granted godiva has prettier packaging and perhaps a better  but not enough to  my loyalty . nni was recently saddened to see the store at fashion square close but luckily this one is nearby . much larger and easier to shop in but my only complaint is that i had to stand in line with people handpicking their boxes to pay for my prepackaged  . but since my husband was one of the pickers i wasnt going anywhere until he was done anyway . and his box was for me
__label__pos absolutely the best dog  shop ive ever been to . sarah is an artist who must actually be able to speak to the dogs she manages my  with ease . diane is easy to work with and they  make time for my last  appointments . best shop in  i will  to  them exclus9aa i have for over ten years .
__label__pos if youre a meat and potatoes sort of person like i am the roaring fork will do you just fine . while im sure this is the trendiest of eateries in town i was the youngest person at happy hour by about  years the old west spirit of simple woodfired grub is both timeless and ageless . nnnamed after a river in colorado  big and  and that translates to falloffthebone baby back ribs smothered in a dr. pepper bbq sauce no less green chile mac n cheese and smashed potatoes . the food here is meant to satiate and stuff in all the right ways . my only regret was not trying their infamous big ass burger but that just leaves room for another visit one day.nnp.s . if you can handle it  out a way to try their pineapple cornmeal upside down cake im not sure if it really embodies the southwest or anything but it  tastes 
__label__pos i have been a  since  and i can not imagine going to any other  repair  in the valley the mechanics have  three of my vehicles running .  professional friendly . thats whiteys to me .
__label__pos yumyum good nnbest   pie in  by far . i am a cheese and pepperoni kind of girl simple does it for me . they give you a huge thin slice of pie the way it should be . also the hot wings are great too nnwhat else can you say about a good pizza joes is so  i now have resorted to calling there pizza  .
__label__pos my fav pizza  in town . jalapeu00f1opepperoni  to gonnbest pizza in townnnif you havent gone to joes and  the town . you missed the delicious pizza which this town offers .
__label__pos   was  ... nice  very    
__label__pos this is some great asian food i first discovered totties because it was in a shopping center right behind my old house my roommates gave it a try and were big fans . after that i tried it and im now a big fan . nnthe food is a little bit of everything asian . thai is their specialty but everything on the menu is good . actually my only complaint is that the menu is way too big . its way too hard to decide what you want . nni really love the pad thai . if youre not into  food watch out . we had it medium and it still had a good   was not my choice i wouldve gone for more heat . for an appetizer i highly recommend the vietnamese  rolls with an amazing   . i also highly recommend the tottie rolls . its a fried pork roll with a lettuce wrap and  leaves . the menu says theyre the best rolls you ever had . they may be right
__label__pos i ordered  but the food still had quite a kick.nnwith that being  i enjoyed the food . a rather large group of us went in at lunch time and were  quickly and  just as fast.nnmost of us ate from their weekday lunch special about 8 per plate . the lunch  comes with  and an egg roll.nnthe  is nice . like a few other reviewers have suggested you cant really guess what youre getting into from the strip mall appearance outside.nnour waiter was nice and  . he walked the fine line between participating in our group conversation and being creepy really well.nnthere are a few thai places in this area and totties is one of the better .
__label__neg      food .  was   heavy on the pseudochinese influence kind of like a thaiinspired pf changs . definitely not terrible but i wont go back .
__label__neg have you ever had the  like your  might be slipped something while ordering a drink or molested on the way to the can that is how i felt while celebrating a  here . nnthe place was down  creepy . nndont  me wrong i love me a  bar . i can eat on the curb in mexico . i am a very trusting person . nni hated this place . nnthe drinks were ok ther servers were not attentive the decor and  sitting area was  .
__label__neg i was prewarned that this is a dive bar but still this was low even for my standards . there wasnt much that i really  for except for my cheap 3 mich ultra . the place is really small and it was packed so it was really difficult to move around . the bathroom was insanely small and  with a bunch of chicks primping not that this place really called for any necessary primping.nni can get past all of the surface  but the service is what really turned me off to this place . although the bar was pretty full there werent  people actually sitting at the bar so i sat down on a stool and waited about ten minutes to even be asked for my drink order . i get that can happen when people are busy but the bartenders walked right past me and looked at me a few times cash in hand . after i did get my first drink getting the second was even trickier after seeming complely invisible to the bartenders i was finally served by the barback that happened to be up there putting something away.nneveryone elses reviews seem to indicate this is a cool place so maybe i just wasnt in the right frame of mind .  way waiting so long to be served is a big downfall at a  in my book so coach  gets 2 stars for now . im not opposed to  it another try though and hopefully my next experience will get a higher rating
__label__pos what is a winesky nnim so very glad that you asked . a winesky is a cocktail containing the happy marriage between coach houses finest cabernet and whisky from the deepest well in all of scottsdale .  from the mind of my favorite genius bartender drew a  is an all out assault on your senses and if you have one too many of them you will surely be assoverteakettle in no time flat.nncoach house is the best bar in scottsdale . hands down . djs was a close second i generally come here with rabbi andrew michael doohan  . if it is a proper night we will stroll in sideways at 1200 am on the dot and our standard order is two shots of whisky and a pitcher of bud light . often if drew is working he will line our order up as soon as the rabbi and i walk in the door . he knows us a little too well perhaps . nn13 for the first round .  shotsincluding wineskys are generally 3.50. full pitchers are 6 or 6.50domestic of course.nni love the other bartenders too although some of them overcharge on occasion and they dont necessarily get my  ... ..nnchristmas lights from novemberfebruary . free barbecue every giants home game during spring training and almost every sunday for the rest of the  .
__label__neg went on flamenco night which was a  touch . not so  for dinner conversation though.nnthe food was ok but the service was awful . we literally waited an  to get our check after asking our waitress for it . finally we ended walking to the  just so we could leave . because we used a discount they automatically add a 20 gratuity before discount . i might have given that   but after waiting so  for the check it  slightly exploitative.nnso dont go on flamenco night if youre looking to catch up with a friend over dinner its impossible to hear over the music and personally i wouldnt go again on a discount . their automatic gratuity policy seems to give them carte blanche to ignore their guests .
__label__pos this place has great service most of the time .  now and again you get the one server who is just terrible . nnlast time i went alice cooper was sitting in the table next to me . that was  . we are not worthy we are not  ... .nnhappy hour is the only  to go . things are moderately  then .  the 500  . its hit and miss  or not the server will let you continue to get happy hour prices after happy hour . usually it is a miss .
__label__pos yum off the charts . i was  from their shredded beef tacos . some of the best i have ever had and i am surrounded by mexican joints.nnprices were reasonable especially for the higher end drinks.nnthe location near the  galleries makes for a perfect date night . it is also  charming inside and on the patio.nnthis will be my  go to place.nnam so  of the locales that they get this place in their hood
__label__pos nice crispy crust . came here the other night and ordered a pie at the bar with a  of beers . definitely an old  scottsdale  . their calzone looked pretty good and enough for two people  you were the 135 lb guy sitting next to me that  down the whole thing himself . i mean if he ate it all it had to be good . they also have some pretty good local beers on tap and by the bottle . ill  add this my repertoire of az   .
__label__pos  thin  pizza with  quality  italian ingredients . if you like sauce made with san  tomatoes this  is for you . excellent   pizza and drinks . highly recommend
__label__neg its been a while since the one and only time i went here but it deserves a review simply because of what happened there.nnwe were well on our way to having a hang over the next day which seems like the only way to go to this bar . nnwe walked in group of 6 and  to find a table inside where the karaoke was happening . were not that into karaoke but it is free entertainment.nnas soon as we sat down a  started singing . she was pretty decent and the song was a crowd pleaser . then it happened.nnsome dude about 52 gets up on  and starts dancing at her while shes singing . i say at because she was not dancing . no one was .  this guy who was also in his mid40s and sporting a sweet combover . it was seriously like someone planted him as a prank like we were being taped for a surprise tv show . nnwe all sat there looking at each other then looking at him then back at each other . the lady was a trooper she just kept singing . finally the song was over and he opened his arms up like he was going to  her . finally some other guy from the audience pulled him away back down to his seat . very awkwardly . nnthats not why im giving this 2 starts . we were there a good 15 minutes total and  saw a server . more beer might have saved the situation in some way . with no beer in sight we bolted . we couldnt handle another episode like that with nothing to wash it down with .
__label__neg you didnt hear it through the grapevine ... you heard it straight from the horses mouth . do not go here for karaoke . go for people watching if anything . i shouldve known when i called ahead . the sweet girl on the  gave us directions . all of my friends were adamant about other places and i was rooting for the nice bartender and the possibility of a song.nnwhen we arrived the place was packed yet she still knew i was the one who called very children of the corn . i immediately at 815 put 2 songs in . i said you can just pick one if it fits your lineup . hoping theyd  me and then one of the 4 people i strung along would add a song in.nnthis did not happen . nnwhile we each had 34 drinks and 14 songs played yes i counted them . not one persons name was ever called . it was like a 2disc cd was playing and they already knew who was next . nnif you are new and you are going here to sing . wait to be disappointed . its so weird . not like a cool dive bar weird but like a scripted  zone that you will never be a part of weird . nnthis bar doesnt need you . they have a following that will always be there . lesbian softball chicks older divorcees old country dudes and those women who debated on wearing their scrunchees that dude with dreads that sings the lamest song from the 50s soda shop ... amongst others . nnand you will still wait . but the craziest thing is that a name will never be called out . its like a 3disc set is playing . before you know it someone else has the mic in their hand because its their  . nni heard a woman singing jeff buckleys hallelujah which isnt a very popular song . but once i saw every demographic in the place singing it word for word i knew . this wasnt a place to be reckoned with . you dont see a 60 year old man singing that song unless they sing it so  you learn it and thats what happens . its a cd on rotation.nnand you dont play a part . go  else.nn14 songs and youre not going to get called . nnmy friend said to me jokingly go sit on santas lap and ask for your song . not that i would have . but it was humorous . nnregardless of naught or nice santa will only play that song if he knows youve been coming there for years . less work . lazy dj . nnbut they dont need you so dont go .
__label__neg i have been to this restaurant  of times  the  . i find the steaks are always good but the seafood is  hit or  . was there yesterday and my  was totally over  . it was like complete rubber . it was barely edible . i should have known better to order it there but i  surf and turf so i gave it a shot . very disappointing .
__label__pos this is a great place to seal deals of all sorts . ie if your lady isnt putting out this is a great way to say pretty pretty please without actually having to grovel . nni am a lady so you know i know this ploy works.nni was impressed by the whole package . there were minor setbacks that were resolved above my expectations when we couldnt locate our waiter and asked a back server to assist he was eager to do so . this is  as any type of back service bar back back server et cetera is rarely empowered to give firsthand help and are  instead instructed to alert the server . so this was a  touch.nnthe food was wonderful and very multidimensional . the wine  was extensive and the drink selection was great too . nngreat cigar  too
__label__neg it  me 30 minutes until my pizza was cool enough to put in my mouth  fear of scalding my tongue and rendering me mute . when i was able to safely eat my order it was very meh . theres no real taste and it looks like they just  it out of a grease sauna.nnthe  looks like they  a chompies and tried to fill it in a quarter of the space.nnthe service was  at best . for a place that  and with all the  going around how hard is it to drop by the table more than twicenntheres nothing really ny about this place . the rape scene with harvey keitel in bad lieutenant wouldve been a more enjoyable and a ny experience than eating at this place was .
__label__pos my sisters and i went to the phoenixscottsdale area just to relax and have spa services . we chose to have facials at the camelback inn spa because they had lots of choices for these services .  at the spa was very friendly and helpful . the facials were relaxing and our skin glowed afterward . nhowever at this spa the actual facial was the tip of the iceberg . it really is about the  experience . we loved the cold tea and water we loved the lounge and the solarium . we went in the steam room not our favorite part but it felt very  . we didnt feel like we needed to hit the sauna what with the  degrees outside . nthe pool and the restaurant was absolutely the best part . i loved the minifountains in the pool . our poolside server stephanie i think maybe was patient and friendly and extremely helpful . my  left her ipod by the pool but we were able to call about an hour later and she got it backnthe main reason this spa doesnt get 5 stars is because of the robes and slippers . the robes were not very  felt a little threadbare and were pretty plain . and the spa shoes were supposed to be massagey but our feet actually kinda hurt afterward.noverall  worth a visit if i ever have reason to be in the area again i will  to this spa .
__label__neg i started going here years ago thinking i would avoid being ripped off at the dealership and jack the head mechanic   .  i was wrong they are as full of it as the dealerships jack was insisting i needed fluid changes that were in the 300500 range on a 3 year old vehicle with less than 30000 miles . he  up with an impressive list of what i needed to have done . i expressed to him that if it wasnt necessary id prefer not to due to financial strain at the time . he insisted still that it was mandatory and needed to happen asap . so i found a mechanic in tempe highly recommended on yelp and he did one of the services for half the price jack quoted . the mechanic did the service and then stated it wasnt even necessary and had he known he wouldnt have had his guys do it in the first place . i told him about the rest of jacks list and he stated that none of the things were necessary on a new car of my make and model with the low mileage i maintain . i was furious to say the least . turns out jacks another wolf in sheeps clothing ... and it makes me particularly angry because after 3 years of regular oil changes and asking me for a ton of money  never could manage to remember my name or my car . horrible  service . i highly recommend genes auto worx in tempe ... hes honest straightforward and doesnt take advantage of women who arent knowledgeable of what a car does and does not need at certain  in the cars lifetime . i have a  of interests that is not included ... .i need someone i can trust . go see gene .
__label__pos nella mia  a phoenix i miei  mi  a cena al village tavern . luci soffuse arredi in  tradizionali ma unottima cucina . ho assaggiato il filetto di manzo in salsa madera che u00e8 stato una meraviglia carne tenerissima che si tagliava con la forchetta . ottimo lantipasto un quarto dinsalata iceberg  salsa al blue cheese gorgonzola . per concludere una buona fetta di   limone.nse passate di qui u00e8 un ottimo posto per  la moderna cucina made in usa .
__label__neg we visited this restuarant on a  night which it was empty and we used the travelzoo coupon for a three course meal for 40 dollars . this was a  deal since we got two appetizers two entrees and two desserts but it was way too much food for two people and the coupon was  out at about 90 dollars although the total of our food only came to around 65  so it was odd that we had to tip on that amount . the young women who was our waitress was lucky she got a tip at all she gave us was the worst service we had ever had . first she was dressed ridicuolously innapropriate for the ambience in a school  skirt and t shirt she took our coupon rudely made a face and never asked us for drinks or came back to our table for that matter . she took our order after being impatient and then all the  brought our food out she never asked us for  cheese which was offered to other tables . we were so thirsty and she never offered us anything besides the wine which was included we didnt  it but she refused to get us anything else and then dessert came and another host asked us what we wanted . i would have understood if it was busy but we watched her flirt with the bartender all night and then had to over tip her on our price of food my boyfriend wanted to walk out . i know we had a good deal and the food came out looking lovely . the food and presentation were good but i prefer more authentic italian food but i could never recommend it due to this experience . on another note all the other workers were lovely .
__label__neg listen . i understand that im  a dairy queen so i shouldnt be expecting much in terms of service . but honestly i really dont want to go back to this location because of the terrible way the employees  with customers . nni came here on a friday night in february with my boyfriend . we were getting some ice cream for ourselves and to take to some people back home . the place was busy yes but there is no need to have  teenage kids working one shift while in reality only two are taking orders and making ice cream..  . nnwe first walked in and went to their frozen case to pick up a box of dilly bars . i picked one out of the box and walked to the counter so we could complete our order . while holding the box i realized that there was some sticky sauce on the outside . i didnt even say anything to the employee i just sat the box on the  and wiped my hands with a napkin . before i could place the order he snatched the box away from me and told me to go get another one . he didnt offer that i could get another he demanded . awkwardly i got another box and ordered an ice cream cone with sprinkles . before we could tell him what else we wanted he walked away and came back with the cone . we intended to order three more blizzards but had to order them one at a time because we couldnt manage to get the order out without the guy rolling his eyes and slumping over to the ice cream machine to make a blizzard . are you serious do you really not need any business he seemed so annoyed that we kept adding items on to our order but if he just stayed and listened to the whole thing he wouldnt have created more work for himself essentially he just made himself mad and took it out on us.. he even  sighs when we were asking for what we wanted . what a joke . i paid for our ice cream and left .  terrible  service . of course the ice cream is good but its dairy queen so its pretty universal whether you get it here or across the country . nnjust a note to the owners there are a ton of people out there looking for jobs who wont jeopardize your business with poor attitudes . its not that difficult to serve ice cream and chicken fingers . come on .
__label__pos great    cream and  friendly staff  dq    to come back again
__label__pos lovely . that is the best word to describe this place . everything about it is lovely the food the service and especially the setting . nni went here for brunch at 1100 a.m. on sunday and expected to have a long  for table especially since it was a warm and sunny day in  but we arrived and the place was practically empty . we got to choose our table and enjoy a relaxing meal . nnthe service was fantastic . from the complimentary valet the hostess our waiter and busser . they were all professional courteous and attentive without being pushy . nnwe both really liked our food starting with the banana bread they  to your table . he went with the steak and eggs that come with poached eggs on a corn muffin with hollandaise sauce ... good lord and i opted for the three egg omelet minus the shrimp corn peppers spinach  and they both came with their potatoes sweet and regular cubed and seasoned . it was presented well tasted great and left us feeling full but not heavy . nnnow all of that is fine and good ... but what you should really come here for is the setting . we sat in the outside courtyard and it was just so  it reminded me a lot of the arizona inn in tucson . southwesterny  being over the top brick  lots of trees colorful flowers fountains and green grass . nni think this would be a great place for brunch date night dinner with your family rehearsal dinner and even small wedding . i would  love giving the hermosa inn a whirl because it looks very charming .
__label__pos jade palace is a great little gem tucked away in a strip mall near pinnacle peak rd . and  rd.nni recently  on a bunch of delicious dishes here as a prediet feast . the place was packed with sliverhaired snow birds . there was some cougar action at the bar which i always love to watch but now that i think of it it was more of a hugh hefner and his 24 year old bridetobe  . i was actually the only cougar there . nni digress . nn3 delicacies is great . tender  steak with tender scallops and tender shrimp . crab puffs were  and light and flaky but creamy and lovely in the middle . fried rice is excellent and they dont skimp on meat if you choose to order it with chicken . and the  was tender . generous portions . again everything is lovely yummy fresh tender and most importantly not too greasy which we all know is the signature of chinese food . and my absolut press was poured in generous manner . nnif you are looking for crappy food dont go here . if you are looking to meet men go here but expect them to all be over 65. if you are looking to meet  men and have crappy food go to  .
__label__neg  35 on the menu .  disappointed . four  of  lamb ... and  of the  jasmine  . very blah . will  come back .
__label__neg i felt like i had walked into the  level of hell when i walked through the double glass doors into the cox digital store to return my cable boxes . when i walked in carrying no  than three boxes with three remotes perched precariously on  and  dangling down past my ankles there were three ladies sitting behind desks . two had customers one was filing her nails . there were four people ahead of me . one lady looked up and barked at me to take a seat and  a number very dmvesque . looking around for a place to set down my heavy burden no seats were available . one guy a true gentleman jumped up grabbed the boxes from me chivalrously gave me his seat and then snagged an extra chair from the desk of the lady who was filing her nails she didnt even look up . after sitting for about 5 minutes one of the customers currently being helped finished up and left . the lady helping him got up from her desk and went to the back . the other lady with no customers also got up and began boxing up cable boxes mind you still  people waiting . the third lady finished with her customer and thankfully called the next number . that customer must have had a doozie of a cable issue because when lady number two came back to her desk and was about to call the next number lady number one called her over to the desk to help sort out her customers problem . lady 3  to the back . meanwhile more customers began trickling in . finally they managed to get through the line of customers ahead of me and it was my turn 30 minutes later . i walked up with my cable boxes none of which she offered to help me with and when i told her i needed to return them because my service had been canceled she just looked at me and said you know you could have just mailed those in right . um no no one told me that wouldve been helpful especially since this particular cable hell is located so far north in scottsdale i felt like i truly was leaving the  to go on a pilgrimage similar to dantes . at any rate the rating they receive is strictly based on the service received or not received during that horrendous 45 minute experience .
__label__pos  crap the best hole in the wall hidden gem of a beer and pizza place . nestled in with a nightclub and improv theater place papago brewing is a  spot to get a good meal . we always come here after a race in phoenix eating our weight in bread and never feeling guilty.nnthey have quite the tap list with excellent variety also including their own brews.nnif whats on tap doesnt sound appealing they have 8 convenience storestyle coolers with tons of beer that you can purchase and drink with your meal.nntry the beer bites little pieces of pizza crust smothered in herbs and parmesan cheese served with two dipping sauces you choose between ranch thai peanut sauce marinara  etc . they are excellent.nnfor dinner my husband and i usually split a large garden salad and a large pizza .  salad is wonderfully fresh and chock full of veggies tomatoes cucumbers onions and it comes with a good dose of dressing on the side . in my opinion nothing is worse than getting a great big salad of awesme greens and only having a thimble  of bleu cheese dressing . come on reallynnweve had the thai chicken pizza which is good but a little on the  side and i also leave off the cilantro . the other goto is a make your own with ham mushrooms and green chiles .  . the crust is thin but not like cardboard and the red sauce compliments the pizza it doesnt overpower the  . nnwhen they get busy service can be a little slow but weve been there in the middle of a u of aasu football game and its never been really bad . patience is worth it in this place the food and beer and atmosphere is just awesome .
__label__neg i  jamba juice . i  jamba  . nnjamba  5 stars for its array of flavors boosters and options for juice smoothie etc . yet when the manager stands there and patronizes you and seems to be annoyed that you want to cash in on a free 16 oz jamba juice from a promo card that was a gift from another jamba manager then i have a problem . this jamba is worthy of only 2 stars because lets face it the teens behind the counter know how to make a mean peanut butter mood smoothie and instruct you that the straw tends to get stuck to the bottom of the cup . so instead of sucking up all the air in the room you can dutifully swirl the yummy cup contents and exercise the straw enough until the jamba froth touches your tongue . nnill definitely be going back for the peanut butter smoothie . i just wont be going back to this   .
__label__neg my wife and i came in for lunch on a friday  . there were six people in the bar . the service was very slow . it took over  min to get a beernni had the fish and chips . the fish came out very soggy and chips were  as well . nnmy wife had the   . this came very  as well . there was no gravy at allnnoverall i dont think we will be back here any  soo
__label__pos fiesta is definitely my favorite of the fast food mexican places in town . i actually  their food sober although after a night in old town the burritos are even tastier if thats possible . nni usually get a breakfast  with ham eggs cheese and pico . their carne asada is  good too but it tastes more like ground beef than steak to me . i like to add rice and get a  of  cream and for a mere 5 they are definitely filling . nnmy only gripe is that fiesta isnt open 247 or offer the late night hours that some of the other betos do theyre open til 3am on friday which is great but 2am on saturdays and  during the  . i work at a bar and sometimes dont get off  until 230 or 3am and am disappointed when fiesta is closed early .
__label__neg i hate  down a once 4 star review to one star but it had to be done . if we ever go back ill see if it still stays the same.nni went back a couple of weeks ago with my metal arts friends ... and i have to say what a difference it was . literally night and day.nnour server was surly and pissy ... the food was just appallingly bad ... flicka was nowhere to be found . service was slow and it wasnt  busy . a whole ... 4 tables including oursnnthe only  good  about that night though its still not  to make me  flickas 2 stars is the  were all split and correctly done.nnmaybe the employees decided to take a break since the owner wasnt there whatever it was we wont be going back .
__label__neg i first ate at the salt cellar as a child with my parents . i have a nice memory of having lobster . it was fun to go to a restaurant underground and at the time in the 80s it was  a really fancy place to go . nnso that was the 80s and unfortunately salt cellar is stuck in the 80s . it still was kinda cool going down the stairs to the restaurant but it felt like the air wasnt clean . seemed dank . the bar looked nice but the lighting in the restaurant were those  orange ones . mood lighting seemed depressing and old . the pictures on the wall looked like were the same  that were there in the 70s . this place needs a make overnnwe were seated and they took my fiances drink order . he was very  about no water in his old fashioned . it was served with water . he sent it back and it came back the same way .  he just ordered straight bourbon . nnmy fiancu00e9 had oysters and i had halibut ceviche . the oysters were gritty . the ceviche had a very sour  and was loaded with red peppers . i think they used lemon instead of lime . i couldnt finish it . nastynnmain course i had the salmon oscar . the salmon was amazing but it was ruined from being drowned in a very bad hollandaise . it tasted  glue . no lemon flavor . it was just bad i squeezed some lemon on it to try to fix it but it was not working . too much sauce and it was just awfulnnmy fiancu00e9 ordered halibut cheeks that were pretty good but the vegetables were so over cooked and drowned in butter . the baked potato was decent . nni felt sick from the nasty hollandaise so we got the check and left . disappointingnnsalt cellar is stuck in the past and in need of a makeover . i was afraid of this but went for nostalgic reasons . too bad . we wont be back
__label__pos i had the opportunity to speak with the owner and am highly  i love love dive  ... i  i could say say this was a dive bar ... it was clean fun  and impressive a  bar with class..comfort from the minute i  into the door..and manny made sure i had a great experience i highly recommend visiting this place if you want first  experience with the ultimate  vibe..cant wait for my return
__label__pos the reason why i frequent the water mart is rarely for water . i have filled up water cooler jugs here a couple  and the water is as good as any reverse osmosis water is going to be . and if i remember correctly it costs like a buck to fill up a 5 gallon jug . and they provide carts to help transport your filled jugs out to your car the friendly staff will even do the heavy lifting if your not able to physically so thats dope . but let me get to the real reason why water mart kicks ass . remember when you were a child going to thriftys and getting a scoop are two of rocky road ice cream or whatever was your favorite  well if you dont then im sorry but i do . i also remember when thriftys became no more and with it my scoops of thriftys brand rocky road ice cream . in the following years every now and then friends and i would reminisce and yearn for thriftys ice cream after pulling some bongs and the horrible side effect of the drug the munchies  have us in its grasp . well thriftys ice cream is back and available at this here water mart . so three  for water mart and thriftys rocky road ice cream . noh side note they also have very good fruit smoothies  made with fresh ingredients and come in several different fruit combo flavors . my favorite is i can  remember its name but it has apple juice banannas  in it and is quite yummy and freezer headache inducing . so go to water  and leave without water all the cool kids are doing it .
__label__neg  they     only 2 miles away tried to add 3.00 onto my bill thankfully i caught it and cancelled the order . they said   is was very very far  .
__label__neg the fiance was craving cheese steaks and our local burgersandwich joint is closed on sundays . so we decided to try out defalcos . reading the reviews i saw that the wait time is sometimes an issue so i called in our order in advance . the order consisted of 1 whole cheese  w everything and 1 half w everything . n nupon arrival i was given the total of 21 and some  . having  the online menu with pricing i was prepared for the bill to be somewhere around 15 so i was a little shocked when i was told it was over 20. i verified the order with the man and found that i was charged for and made one extra whole sandwich . i told the  that the order was incorrect to which he said i was the one who took the phone order and it was for 2 whole and 1 half sandwiches . he proceeded to grab the order slip and show me . i replied well im the person who called in the order and specifically asked for 1 whole for my finance and 1 half for myself . he stood there after my explanation as if expecting me to pay for the additional sandwich . after he realized that i was not going to pay for his  he took the second whole sandwich back and rerang the bill . the  total came to 13.00 tax an amount within the range i was expecting to pay . n neven though the sandwiches were delicious we are hesitant to return . we may try defalcos again only next time as walkin customers
__label__pos the   deli in the     down .   .
__label__pos i recently moved to the valley and was excited to spend my first christmas with friends and flip flops . for lunch we went to jasmine tokyo . it . was . awesome they had a  range of  and a nice selection on the buffet . it was overpriced but it was christmas . we left there to meet our friend  for  and cocktails . he wanted to do an early dinner.nnhe made reservations here . good thing ... place was packed i guess all asian places were packed on christmas . we werent hungry but had a few beers and ordered a few items on the limited menu . i  on foursquare the chow mein was good . it  with chicken shrimp and pork . the chicken was the highlight of the dish . very impressed with the flavor and the price point was average . oh and we ordered some spring rolls . the mustard is hot . youve been warned . nnwe had a great time and the service was  . before you leave head over to the bar and ask . its not that bad . youll know what i mean . i would  recommend this place to friends and family
__label__neg i really recommend only coming here during happy hour . that way you can eat enough to be full without going broke . my favorites are the mango lobster roll served with kiwi wasabi sauce 9 and the viva las vegas  12 or 6hh . the service is pretty bad . ive had a couple bad experiences.nthe ambiance in general is sometimes pretty off too . once when we went the restaurant was unusually warm and the air felt really stuffy and  kinda like a burp . i have no idea what was  on but it almost made me sick . very  . several other times the music is just too loud . i understand thurssat its more of a bar at night but when i go in on a tuesday at 600pm its a little ridiculous that the hostess and i are screaming at each other yet  cant hear . she even acknowledged that the music was deafening but just kinda shrugged her shoulders about it.noverall this is a place i do  to every now and then even though i dont know why . the food is pretty good just dont expect anything service wise and maybe youll be pleasantly  .
__label__neg sushi is kinda like  . or chocolate.nthere are varying levels of qualitynbut can it really be badni think ra is def . mehnits a  spendynits usually pretty crowded w a lame coterie of studentyuppiedouche hybrids.nits sushi is goodnbut like i said kinda hard to mess up ... ...  ... .thats probably not true . i am sure if i tried to make sushi i could  it up royallynbottom line there are better places and there are worse . if you like the mill  crowd then please cmon down and make it rain
__label__pos i have been to ra a few times and 23 have been at this location . my most recent meal here was incredible.nnthe shishito peppers are a musthave . the ponzu sauce had us tipping the empty bowl over to lick drink and pour on our remaining rice . it was that good.nnwe tried the pacific roll which is essentially the experience of eating fresh mango  . its not what i would  sushi but it was tasty and refreshing . the sashimi is solid as well . the lunch combo is 10 and they will mix and  any 7 pieces of tunasalmonyellowtail you want.nnthis location located in downtown tempe on mill ave is a bit more of a clubbar  than the others ive  . they play  of upbeat clubremixtechno music at all times of day . the service was friendly and decent .
__label__neg the nonsushi items were pretty impressive i had a white fish taco that was absolutely delicious the decor is pretty and the mood is very nice . i would like ra to  down their happy hour pricesthey are rather steep and i dont appreciate the fact that they have 75 cents  on each price ... it seems like an   to get you to think youre only paying 2 but in reality youre almost paying 3. the sushi was not impressivein the past i heard that the cuts at ra were much bigger but the sushi i had today was thinmore  than tuna . the california roll fell short on  flavor and plating and i had to go and ask for wasabi and ginger because none was given to us with our sushi . the ginger was also quite potentmore than the wasabi as  as heat . i wish it was pickled just a little longer . please fix it ra youre a pretty cool place
__label__pos spent some time in scottsdale on business and found this place via yelp ... ..  deserves the great reviews   . the  and  burgers and fries were very tasty and the service was excellent . best meal i had while  arizona wish we had  of these in orange county . oh and the oatmeal  was awesome as well ... .. they sell beer to go here great idea
__label__pos four  is one of my go to places in tempe . atmosphere is laid back  delicious beers and wonderful food . great restaurant for any occasion birthdays groups football sunday laid back date night.nnsunday brunch is a  . the food is amazing and they have the best bloody mary in town.nnpersonal favoritesnbeer hop knot or  porter in october nfood salmon blt no  add avocado portabella beer bread cheese enchiladasnsunday brunch breakfast beer bread or the enchiladas and eggs
__label__pos if you are ever in tempe az find your  over here . the food is americanbar food but it is a huge step above your average americanbar food . we  the entire menu and everything was great . the batter for the fish and chicken is straight amazing . the beer bread they  on the  is simply great . the wings are top notch . see what i mean doesnt matter what you order . then to compliment all the great food are their tasty home brewed craft beers . they have something for everyone . on the off chance you dont like beer the bloody  spicy or not is a great  . the  i gave this place the five stars because to round out the total experience is the service . i only  a place five start as when i receive the total package drink food and service . great place come on in .
__label__neg   a   to  a    that serves ok food and so so beer . no thanks . live and learn
__label__neg so im sitting at a table at sushi 101 after waiting 40 minutes to even get seated . while i know the food is more than desirable the service is utterly chaotic . when first walking in there were crowds of people with drinks and it was difficult to even  a hostess . when finally reaching one i put our name in for a table of three . she approximates a 30 minute  which would have allowed us to receive the happy hour discount which ends at 700 pm . when we finally got seated at 702 the table wasnt even set up . we waited another 2 minutes for a third chair and another 10 minutes before a waitress even came over to introduce herself and take our drink orders . and 7 minutes  we got our  . i  that i shouldnt base judgement on the waitress due to the crowds however when we  put in our food order we were told the sushi was going to take about 3045 minutes before even coming out . i guess ill post  review when we get our  .
__label__neg our server was very  . the  was odd my mojito tasted like  and i sent it back . it actually was one of the worst mixed drinks ive ever had . it came out in this cute mason jar then ... womp womp . nothing my  ordered was very appetizing . if youre a firsttimer with sushi or dont dine out often sure this place will pass.nhowever if youre looking for  authentic with beautiful  and decent drinks try someplace else
__label__neg havent been here in a while and service not good tonight . husband had to go in to flag someone down for water after a long wait an abnormally long wait on the patio . it wasnt even busy so after the waitress made initial visit to our table she didnt come back to check on us for a really long time so food was going cold . finally she came when i was 34 of the way finished but i tried to eat slower than the slow i already eat so that i could get the green salsa that i love . after a really long wait maybe 15  and honestly i  it was more like 20 she comes back with hot enchilada sauce . i was so upset now because the whole meal was just crap cold and soggy since we had to wait so long in between each visit . finally she comes back and i tell her she brought wrong sauce and that i would like the green salsa  . again after a really long wait she finally brings the right thing . anyway it was yuck and it was cold and soggy and not fun sorry i already said that . i used to go here all the time but the visit  to this  almost the same thing happened . i had a cold wet soggy burrito by the time i  my salsa . that was in may and i used to go at least once a week . so since that  awful visit in may 7 months later i try again and  it was the same and worse . bummer used to love this place .
__label__neg  rooms    for a  stay .  scottsdale is a five minute drive . many sprig training ballparks are an easy drive as well . friendly staff nice outdoor breakfast area . be careful of approaching and departing plane noise from sky harbor airport . walls have no insulation . noise carries easily between  . disappointing  for a hilton diamond member .
__label__pos yay no bedbugsnnattended a wedding for my daughter and new soninlaw at the end of april and drove from phoenix to find a place closer to the desert botannical gardens . this lovely hotel is only about 10 minutes from the gardens and has a free shuttle that will pick you up and drop you off.nnwhat made  decide to stay there was the service we recieved when we dropped in for info . we asked the young lady at the desk if we could see a couple of rooms because we would be there for a wedding in a couple of months and even though she could not get away she asked someone  to show us.nnhe did the rooms were clean and smartly decorated and they have a free breakfast every morning which my husband loved we ended up staying there for four nights in a room with a small suite and yes even though its on a  street and faces a strip mall you are not going to sleep with your windows open in the evening nor are you going to leave the curtains open during the day so dont worry about the local scenery.nnyou are only 10 minutes from azu and there are lots of little places to eat at in the neighborhood . the best part is that there is a 711 next door and you know that everything you need almost can be found there.nnevery morning we awoke to a wonderful breakfast in the clean dining roomgorgeous  area wa big screen tv  of fresh hot coffee and killer doityourself  . the staff although young were very helpful and  and i think i counted three small pools . beds were comfy and clean and the pillows were generously fluffy.nnthere is also a  computer area if you feel the need to do business ... .all in all a very nice place to spend a few days and it didnt kill the wallet . od
__label__pos really good food my friend and i shared an artichoke bow tie pasta salad with other vegetables and  in it and a breast of chicken with spinach tomatoes cooked with  served over a pile of  potatoes . large  satisfactory service  give it five stars if it was  excellent  . if i lived close to a pita jungle id  back again and again .
__label__neg bug in my food and horrible service to boot i was craving a good salad so my coworkers and i ordered food for pick up in advance so by the time we get there the food would be ready . i called the restaurant to  them know that even though we ordered for pickup we actually wanted to sit down and eat but didnt have much time on our lunch break . the manager  me such a hard time about it and said that they wouldnt do that for us but would make an  this one time . when we get there the manager scolds me and says that never do this again by ordering ahead of time the food wasnt ready and came late . the  was not attentive at all . but the worst part of it was when i was semienjoying my tuna salad i find a bug in my food when i show the manager instead of him feeling bad about it he tells me oh sorry but this happens sometimes what i tell him oh well thats scary it shouldnt happen at all if you wash your lettuce right he gives me a lecture on how the restaurant business works thanks but no thanks i worked in a restaurant for   and that was never acceptable . i will never go back there again if not for the bug in my  but for the horrible way i was treated . i have never wrote a bad review about any restaurant but this pita jungle  motivated me to write one now
__label__pos i have to start out by saying that the service is so much better here then it was 4 years ago.nni met my bff for lunch here the other day and even w school still out it was packed . we werte however quickly seated . our waitress was prompt nice and attentive . the food was good as always . i had the california pita she had the taboule sp.nnmy only real complaint about this visit is about where we were seated a little 2 top  inside the door . which dont get me wrong was fine . im not one of those people that usually complains about being seated near the kitchen or the door except that everyone that came in after us packed inside to get out of the heat . and my fellow patrons were rude . im sorry i understand not  to wait  but do not push up against someone who is seated at a table block said person in their seat and  to have a very loud very inappropriate conversation over them . im just thankful these guys werent spitters cuz id have gotten a shower . rantnni digress .  good and too much as  . if theres one thing to be said about pj its that you definitely get your  worth . service  it really has improved over the years and im glad . ill definitely go here again and hopefully will no have to elbow some people away from my seat .
__label__neg the marquee theatre is pretty much like going to your horrible motherinlaws house . its a terrible idea that you fret over.. but you go because there is some bomb ass reward like a home cooked meal chocolate mousse pie and a bottle of champagne not even your wealthiest friend could afford and because well you have to to keep your  together . the marquee is like this . i go because one of the loves of my music life are playing a show there and i wouldnt miss it for the world.. i cant miss itnni basically hate every single thing about this place . i literally get bummed out when my favorite  pass through phoenix and choose to play at this shithole . nnthe sound sucks the bar is almost impossible to get through to order 2 at a time to be safe and dont expect the bartenders to be friendly . i know there are a million  there trying to get drunk but come on laugh a little bit . do something besides  and question my completely legit id . its hot dirty the bathroom situation is a disaster . i dont even know how so many grown ass women can destroy a bathroom like the ones at marquee but i think it might be safe to  dudes use the ladies room from time to time . either that or bitches are peeing on the floor and teepeeing the stalls for fun . its absolutely baffling . lines are long parking is a nightmare your best bet is to park elsewhere and walk . dont piss off the  guards either they are all obviously raging roid monkeys that will kick you out for even looking at them wrong . and one thing i hate the most they stamp your hands so much that it looks like a 4 year old took a box of markers to your hand with ink that doesnt come off for 4 days . cant you just give me a neon colored wrist band and call it a day i have  ink on my body as it is.nnlike i said i only come here because i have no choice and yes i will continue to come here.. i just hope one day phoenix opens up a venue comparable to the size of marquee but  turn it into a place you want to go to not just because you have to.nnthe end .
__label__neg gave them a  because it was my only option at 100 in the morning . the guy on the phone was very friendly quoted me 45 minutes to an hour seemed a little long but you cant expect too much at that time of day no  . it did take an  and again that is what i was quoted . nunfortunately the pizza was not edible . i was expecting bad pizza  for good pizza and more than prepared for cold pizza . but this was my first delivery experience with horribly burnt pizza . we were ravenous at this  so we picked off some shreds that we could eat and most of what we ate was still burned and disgusting . nlow expectations have historically kept me from being much of a complainer but seeing that useless pizza id paid for in my fridge the next day  of something to eat actually convinced me to make a phone call . the girl on the phone was friendly and apologetic but had no authority to do anything for me . she said shed pass my information and  along to her manager and that i should expect a call . nno call . enjoy the photo .
__label__pos we got there at  and ordered the bronx bomber and garlic knots.nnwe decided to  in and not only was the  vibrant and  but the good was well above average for 24hr pizza.nnlots of  food was made fresh and served with a verity of dips.nnwill  be going back
__label__pos what can i say about kolbys that isnt amazing i ask myself this everytime i think about driving 20 minutes to play pool here .  it still remains unanswered ... this place is awesome . simply put . you dont have to enjoy pool to have a good time thats for sure . they sell brewskis and eats . no liquor i just found out but their amazing food will make up for that dinger . i  any food i eat here is fantastic . nnfireball burger is indeed very fiery ... like the waitressesnloaded fries are soooo comfortably loaded like many of the patronsnsupreme nachos come with everything including a side of  sp and sour  . dont . underestimate them ... ntacos are flour tortillas but deep  like corn ones ... they are extremely tasty and you get three of them . believe me they are thicker than your grandma . seriously . nnsun and mon have 1.00 pints . thats right  dollarntues have 2.00 coronasnnthe staff is ba bad ass everyone is super cool and they make you wish you were them . honestly i want to work therennanyway if you are in the mood for some chillaxing stop here . noon to 7 only costs you 7.00 can you believe it thats unheard of
__label__pos harlows gives me diarrhea . every time . every single time . you know what though i dont care because harlows cuts my hangover directly in half and i feel twice as  when i leave . if i get me some diarrhea thats okay . its a price im willing to pay.nntheir food is diner food . i mean what you get is going to be a little on the greasy side and youll taste it in your burps for a few hours . some of their food might cause some slight indigestion . i however kind of enjoy heavy ass diner food that settles right to the bottom of my gut . nnwhen you order a water and a coffee theyll be filled constantly . i mean constantly . at most places you drink maybe altogether two cups of coffee throughout the course of your meal . at harlows if you really wanted to you could burn through like ten cups of joe.nnive been to this place with some gnarly hangovers i cant even begin to explain .   i went here so  over that it felt like i coming down off of a crazy psilocybin trip . harlows  me feel better . a  better . the ambience is a little douchey and kind of conservativerepublican and they make the  wear those embarrassingly small shorts and i get diarrhea whenever i go here ... . fuck it . i  like it .
__label__pos wow.. great   food..   diner.. fabulous.. enjoy
__label__pos we go here for the mini golf . this place is an az classic and has a secret charm . minigolf here is the  in the valley they have big castles with drawbridges pagodas  all sorts of fun mini golf holes . we really like the course on the  side . most people dont notice it so it has less people on it . we also love how they decorate the course with hokey 80s decorations for halloween and xmas . it is really fun and kind of even a little romantic .  80s kids did you know that golfland was in bill and teds excellent adventure they shot scenes at golfland . it kind of add to the  . anyways we really suggest going at night when the water slides are off and the xmas lights are up . the minigolf is usually open until 10pm so you can  until pretty late . it is still a  crowd with lots of  . have fun
__label__pos as a relatively new resident of the valley im disappointed that it has taken me several months to patronize this establishment . last night we left our first visit to oreganos both satisfied and in great anticipation of our return . nnthe atmosphere is very friendly and laid back . the du00e9cor is reminiscent of a hometown pizza  from the 50s . outdoors is a large patio with a  . the entire staff makes you feel at home with the  calling your name as a friend would not as someone waiting in line at the butcher . the wait staff is equally friendly and attentive with excellent recommendations . nnour service was matched in satisfaction by our food . we started with the guaca tony a delicious pairing of garlic pizza crust chips and italian guacamole . for dinner we split the big rig pasta agreeably a favorite of our server . our meal was washed away with a pitcher of dos  leaving us no room for one of oreganos popular cookies for dessert . however i would welcome a better beer  for such a unique destination.nnthis is a place that would be great to bring your  or a large  of friends . well definitely be returning soon .
__label__pos this is my default happy hourbar in tempe . prices are good and food is better but it can be expensive outside of happy hour.nnthere is a wide selection of food and beverages on happy hour .  you cant miss on this one . beware even though happy  is 7 days a week it is not  during special events game days or for whatever random reason they feel . this part always makes me a loyal regular kind of pissy but oh well . it has  to deter me from going.nnevery now and then they have specialty dinners single malt dinners whisky dinners etc . that are quite awesome definitely be on the look out for  in the bar and go to one . its definitely worth the money and youll be happy.nnps ... they might have my single favorite bar food  ...  bollix . they are glorious  balls of deliciousness . get some ... now
__label__pos i changed jobs a few months ago and am now working in the mill ave area . once again  at old town scottsdale i find myself writing about cool bars with tons of reviews containing details of fun nights on the town from the perspective of a working stiff grabbing a quick bite on her lunch break . oh well cest la viennfirst off i was expecting a kind of dingy  bar but the interior is actually quite nice looking . i liked all the little irish knickknacks they had around the place . and even though there were a couple of signs advertising whiskey and guinness there werent a ton of  signs everywhere ... so during the day the place really does not scream college bar at all . the seating was comfortable and i liked that there was both an open area where you could push some tables together for a large group and also an area  by a couple stairs with some semiprivate booths . our server was friendly and attentive and the food came out really quick.nni ordered the strawberry salad because i knew i was having a big dinner later that evening and i didnt want to fill up . surprisingly instead of the boring iceberg lettuce you would expect from a bar salad they had a nice spring mix . the strawberries were very fresh and the grilled chicken was cooked perfectly . all the  worked really well together and the only criticism i have is that the dressing was a tad too sweet . overall a really tasty salad . my fellow lunch companions ordered a burger fish and chips and shepherds pie . all of their plates looked really good and they all enjoyed their food . i will definitely order the shepherds pie next time since this is a favorite  of mine and they serve a nice small lunch portion that you can get with a salad to keep the meal from being too heavy.nnhopefully ill get to try this  for a few drinks in the evening some time but until then i will definitely be back for lunch .
__label__pos  bohemian  with hearty vegan menu that   you empty . the spicy is not too  and the sauces are just  . great  for  food .
__label__neg  was very good.nncustomer  was    person even said hello or made us feel welcomed with ever a smile .
__label__neg first visit 3 stars second visit 2 stars unfortunately . i dont doubt the pasta is still aok but i have to knock them down for their entreesized  . nni ordered a caesar with chicken . the addition of the chicken bumped the price of this jewel up to 12.95. while plentiful the romaine was so drenched in dressing the crispness of the lettuce was lost . the chicken was mediocre at best certainly not worth the 5 bucks to add it . a shame because the dressing was pretty good.nnmy husband ordered the antipasto per due . with back olives artichokes ham salami provolone and anchovies it should have been a hit . but again  in vinaigrette . also the meats and cheese were just thin slices  of exceptional quality . at 14.95 this was a miss.nnwe also ordered bruschetta but i had forgotten all their bread is sesame seed   . better bread is a must . while i might consider  cascio again ill stick with  . if you see me carry a duffel bag inside i brought my own baguette too .
__label__neg 2.5 stars ... nngreat shows  through here the building is cool to look at in a  way and the seating is roomy as  in previous reviews . nnbut ... nnthe parking lot sucks if at all possible find a parking space you can back into if not possible figure out a  to back into the space anyway there is such thing as a  seat here and the  are good for  but not  .
__label__neg this place is the worst.nni went around ten on saturday night and it was packed . it seems the place is intended to  to rapey nickelbackloving poppedcollar  and the women who love them . nnthere is no place to sit no place to talk because it is loud and zero  . to its credit though i was served quickly because there were like 3000 bartenders and it wasnt that  but it would take much much more than that for me to ever  to rapecentral again .
__label__pos  lunch specials i always get the  caprese pita with a side salad which is only around 6.50 including  . the food is consistently tasty and they have a solid menu . they also have a  bar and a nice patio area outside . nnsometimes the  is  if you sit down at the  so i always sit at the bar for lunch .
__label__neg  trouble in little szechuan would be too harsh a review and its not worthy of a great wail but i was totally  by the food on offer and food wise it seriously is a step above the  food court but  a pei way on a good day is more than a match for this evenings meal . nnstaff are great but  else is pretty weak other than the noodles which are really really good . the spring roll egg hot and sour soup and the kung pao all look the part but its all monotonous with little variation in texture and taste . e.g you could make this from walmart ingredients and get the same kinda shiny sauce for about the same cost its not going to kill you and for lunch at a reduced rate may get to 2.5 to 3 but theres just  too many good places nearby to  this as a repeat  .
__label__neg ive stayed here for two weeks so i figured out the place pretty well.npros customer service was good . airport shuttles also take you to nearby locations within 4 miles of the hotel for free . the employees are friendly . the  is great . the  is on the  side.ncons the key cards here are incredibly bad quality . i had to get a new one almost  single day for fourteen days  . they get demagnitized very easily and the  locks all seem to be barely in working order . i would have to always put my card in 35 times before they would work . one of the only two elevators doesnt have the floor number signal working and they both make weird noises . i got over my fear of slow strange sounding  quick . i guess i can thank them for that . wifi is expensive .  this bad really should have wifi to try to lure customers in that way . why would someone pay so much for wifi if they had budget constraints leading them to settle to this hotelnnnot worth it . look elsewhere .
__label__neg i was visiting from out of town and we used yelp to find this establishment and they must have got a new chef . the waiter told us that he has  on the other side of the restaurant and that we should just  at anyone if he is not around . im sorry but i expect  service . secondly i  rack of lamb  rare . the  by the rib bone was not even cooked . the fat by the rib bone was still gummy and white . my friends orders a seafood dish with various  chunks of dried out seafood .
__label__neg why do i keep returning to uno restaurantsnnoh  because i am a  alcoholic and i like their   specials but that is where it ends.nni always thought the one by my  was just poorly managed and  not indicative of the  of the chain ... wrong.nnthis place has the nastiest restrooms consistently and  like shit throughout the restaurant . never again .
__label__neg this location deserves a bad review so others wont waste their money on bad food and rude service . lets start with the service . the employees act like you are  them by coming in and  to place an order . last time i checked without  a business will probably  . now on to the food review . in the last few  the quality has gone down every time we have been there . first it started with the shrimp coating being gooey like it wasnt cooked at a hot enough temp then the have decided to change the breading all together . this new breading is gross . it reminds me of something i would find from a bag in the frozen food aisle . petes recipe for the shrimp has been the same for many many years why change a good thing . if it aint broken dont fix it . then the fact that they only except cash makes me wonder how  us each location reporting to the government . dont get me wrong if i could sell gross food to massive amounts of people for  amounts of cash i would do it too . they have lost my business with this latest  in the breading on the shrimp .
__label__neg ive had cafe boa over the years and have never been too enthusiastic about their  . last night i gave them another  and it really will be the last time i go back unless it is only for drinksappetizers for happy hour.nni had the seafood ravioli which  of five or  small  filled with a mix of seafood . they were not stuffed full of seafood they had some seafood . the sauce was overpoweringly salty and just didnt taste great for the 22 price . i had initially thought that the price would mean it would be tasty and be of decent proportions . i should have remembered my previous experiences with this place . you do not get what you pay for here . nnthe wine was decent malbec from napa and the  was small and overpriced as well.nnnever say never but im really  to say never again to cafe boa .
__label__neg oh caffe boa i dont even know where to start first off i never give a place 2 stars and it would have been 1 star if i had not had a pleasant experience before my most recent onennone of my best friends was planning her 25th birthday dinner and she was trying to decide where to go and i suggested we go to caffe boa since she has never been and i had such a great experience the first time i had gone i thought it would be a good idea to go again ... well i was wrongnnfirst off i had asked the hostess to do me a favor of surprising my friend with a gift from her boyfriend since he was out of town and was not able to be there and they were very friendly and said that would not be a problem i was very appreciative of them doing that for me . my friend had also brought cupcakes in as her dessert and we asked if we could just put them in their fridge until after we had dinner and the owner had mentioned to me there would be a small cake cutting fee for holding them he never mentioned how much it was at this moment i thought ok 35 no biggie i thought it was odd and had never been to a restaurant where they have a cake cutting fee our whole group went in to wine and dine no expense was too much . we were looking at their wine list and some of us wanted to sample a few wines to  which one we would like with our dinners we were refused saying that they dont do samples ... i have never been to a restaurant where we couldnt sample a wine before ordering ok so no big deal we moved on from that and just ordered what sounded good and went from there ... nnwe were told the bread was in the oven and it would be out in just a few moments i work in the service industry as well and i know this happens so we were not too worried about it . the bread did  a little while but when we were finally brought some there was not  enough to go around the table so we asked for a second round of bread as well as the delicious butter i think the butter was the best part about the night the second round of bread was not brought out to us until after we received our meals . the food was not as good as i remembered when i dined previously and some had to send their entrees back and order new ones which took quite a while too especially since it was pasta . nnlastly the moment that made the whole experience at caffe boa not pleasant one bit ... our  brought out the cupcakes my friend opened up all her presents and dinner was coming to an end so we all got our bills ... well on our bill we saw that we were charged a 25 cake cutting fee for cupcakes needless to  we asked the ownermanager to come and speak with us and he didnt handle it in a very professional manner at all he was arguing back and forth with all of us saying that they have a family to feed and us bringing in cupcakes from another place is  away revenue from their restaurant our bill was well over 300 and we all know how much those glasses of wine are marked up . then they proceeded to argue with us further stating that they have a pastry chef who could have made the cupcakes or some type of birthday dessert but this was never made aware to any of us in the group you would  when my friend placed the reservation for a birthday dinner they would mention something  the lines of those services to help generate that revenue . overall the owner never reversed the fee we finally just paid the bill and left ... they will never have us as a repeat customer which didnt seem to matter to the owner because he treated us like he didnt need our business . nni am very disappointed caffe boa
__label__neg this was my first time at cafe boa and i happened upon it while looking for a late morning breakfast place . bread brought out with the meal was hard and dry . no butter or jam was offered . we had to ask for it . nnone of my big pet peeves memorizing orders . id  you write it down than try to impress me when you eventually screw it up . of course our server did . he forgot our orange juice and i had to ask for it . i was really in the mood for what was advertised on the  as fresh squeezed oj . a large glass of oj was brought to the table but if it was tropicana theyd be doing at least better than they were . it wasnt fresh squeezed . i asked our server about it and he seemed to fumble for some feeble explanation about the bartender etc . and sounded surprised .  mistake to be blaming others . so he finally brings back  squeezed and its a glass about a  the size of of the original.nnthe food overall was tasty and hot . no complaints there . service seems to be on par with the other reviews . our chucklehead was no exception . when he did  the bill it was only a total and no itemized bill . had to ask for that too . i wonder if hell figure out hell  himself a lot of work by doing it right the first 
__label__neg i have used irrigation with spr for over 30 years . they have really dedicated people who go out of their way to be helpful . the zanjeros were always available and ready to work out some water issue and they are varied and frequent  a neighbors dead animal in a canal . so for many years i have been a big fan of srp.nnuntil todaynni needed to pay my water assessment so i  to the main office.n1 . now a security guard tells you you are in the wrong place no more receptionist.n2 . the payment center was closed and turned into a closet with some machines in it.n3 . customer service is now a telephone on a brown wall with a sign over the phone  call for customer service.nnzanjeros are now  baby sitters for the nee water master system . getting a consistent flow is a real challenge now . they are ready to add time but after you get shorted 20 minutes you have to move to a new user and it really does not work to then get 20 minutes delivered the next day . the person responsible for the water master needs to be required to meet users at  when the order gets shorted by the system.nnwhen i  today i spoke to an old style srp person but you might as well visit the prison as use this facility so no matter what the literature says srp is now just another big faceless utility doing their   to isolate the customer .
__label__pos i like that they lead with warm slices of ciabatta and a dish of  . the bread is brushed with a touch of garlic.nnwe ordered and shared several dishes chicken parmesan which came with spaghetti  and a nice marinara . cheese ravioli a nice mild filling of ricotta and spices .  hair which was ordered with a vodka cream sauce that was also very nice . and chicken and sausage cacatorri my favorite . lots of chicken medallions sweet and spicy italian sausage  and green peppers onions and stewed tomatos with a flavorful and robust blend of spices.nnthe  were generous particularly for the kids meals . prices were a little higher than average but the food was  above average.nnthe service was great . papa razzinis is not very big so the setting is a little more intimate than many valley restaurants . i like a cozy  restaurant so that works for me . the have some nice outdoor seating as well.nni  boring review . sometimes i just tell it like it is .
__label__pos  of my favorite pizza places . the location is understated as it is in a strip  but it is not a reflection of the  of food or  inside . great wood  pizza and wine list . its a great place for a casual  with  or  .
__label__neg i  water  around my fridge so went to  for a recommendation . the fridges 2year warranty had just run out . nna very nice guy came on the early side of the 2hour window . he was professional and respectful . however he did not find the true problem behind a leaky fridge . he said it was plumbingluckily i have a home warranty and the cost for a plumber to come out was only 60. the leaking continued so i had a second  come out at no charge . both plumbers demonstrated how this couldnt be a plumbing issuethe pipe was dry . nnso i called ej back and this time the guy did find a problem with the filter casing and replaced it.nnbut the fridge leaked a third time before it was fingers crossed really fixed . apparently the root problem is using an offmarket filter . id used offmarket filters for the past two years so im not sure how  this is but whatever . i guess ill enrich the whirlpool corporation by purchasing overpriced filters.nnstill i  have liked for this to have been discovered 3 weeks sooner . nnnote no weekend or emergency service . the service charge to come out is 79 but this is also deducted from subsequent repairs .
__label__pos would be the best dive bar in  if doc and eddys wasnt around and walkingcrawling distance from my place . most nights baseline is pretty empty and a great place for a few drinks and laughs with friends without too many other people  . on fight night though get here at least  early as the place gets packed and even though they have tons of tvs the layout isnt the best for a huge crowd.nni have to say as far as bar food goes this place is up near the top with the chicken parm melt being something that i actually will have a craving for once in awhile . the only food that isnt up to par is the queso as it is just nacho cheese with chopped tomato and jalepeno . nnas for drinks i have never really had a problem with anything the one time my buddy and i did get one slightly  we walked up to eva the bartender and asked for it stiffermistake but in the best way possible as she loaded up the captain in our captain and cokes and did so till i had to ask her to stop so that i could get over my sea legs . otherwise the drinks are decently pricedeven rounds of shots and bombers and well mixed.nnon nights when its time to just hang out in a more   and have a good  and maybe a bite to eat this is the place for me .
__label__neg  wordsnnavoid this like the plague.nnthis was a terrible experience . i came here with a  of friends one night and it was completely awful.nni dont even  what alcohol they were using but it was nothing i recognized ... it was probably some bottom shelf liquor from the nearest gas station.nnthe bartender had no idea what we were asking for . one of my friends  for a dirty martini and he mixed up a drink that  like a coke and rum . needless to say we did not stay long.nndo not come here if you are looking for a good time .
__label__pos ive been going to toms for the past 5 years . i cant  that ive  had anything bad . the owner is constantly trying to  the menu which i love because it adds a new twist to things . this last time i went i had the toms special sandwich with a side of macaroni salad and an order of fried zucchini . the  was juicy tender and  of flavor as usual the portion is really big so you may want to consider only eating half . the macaroni was perfectly cool and creamy . the kicker was the fried zucchini in the past times ive ordered this and it was smaller round slices now they are fresh spears and taste so much better . the only thing i would change is the ranch sauce that i dipped the zucchini in i tend to lean more towards a thicker more sour  based ranch style . this place has the best customer service and the prices are spot on with the   . so for all my carnivores out there make sure you visit toms im sure youll enjoy it .
__label__neg i got a  on my door so i thought id give them a try.ni was really surprised when i called and the girl who answered spoke fluent english which is a  . she was a little rude but i dealt with it . i placed my order and waited for the delivery ... and waited ... and waited ... almost  hours later it was delivered . the price that i was told on the  was less then what the delivery driver tried to collect from me . naside from the  order taker the price difference and the delivery time the food sucked the sweet and sour  was  the rice was hard and the beef was like leather . nthe best thing and only good thing about this  was the egg rolls ... they were better then most places .
__label__pos anyone who knows me well knows that i hate grocery shopping . hate it . recently i was introduced to  joes and this past weekend i took my husband there for the first time . while i cant say i have fallen in love with grocery shopping i have found that i can at least go to tjs when need be.nnthe layout of the store is fabulous . its just a big enough store to give you variety and some choices but not big enough to overwhelm you especially if you are not a seasoned grocery store veteran . the staff is very friendly and always willing to help you find something and the check out clerks are chatty without being  . i really cant compare tjs prices to those you would find at a regular big box grocery store but according to my husband who does all of our grocery shopping and knows which stores are the best for certain items he says that tjs prices are comparable if not lower than other grocery stores.nni like the prepackaged salads sandwiches and wraps which are perfect to take to work for lunch . in fact i had a tjs chicken caesar wrap for lunch today and it was delicious do make sure to check the dates before purchasing to ensure that if you arent going to eat it that day that it will last for a few more days . the organic pesto pizza that can be found in the frozen section is also very good and just the right size for two people . i was a little disappointed in the red delicious apples that i bought nicely priced at 49  each ... they didnt have the crunch to them that i appreciate but im not sure if it was the quality of their selection or that i just did a  job of picking two apples.nnthis tjs does seem to be quite popular especially given its location in the same shopping center as changing hands and wildflower so if you  on a saturday i would  going early . we arrived at 11 am and it was quite busy and the parking  was almost full .
__label__pos great fresh food   roll i would  this  to  i  the  pow and sweet  chicken both are great
__label__neg i  if there is less than one star i wouldnt  to give them . worst costumer service and after purchased service . i bought a loptop for 1200 and a 300 on top for  and  time i go to  it they never cover it . you also have to  2 hours in the technical  line before anyone would talk to you.nnsave your  and save your butt and never go there
__label__pos we  pedros using our groupon we had  . i can say that this place has been around for 50 years per our cashier and it is well established . the service was prompt and the ice  chips and salsa were very good . the salsa wasnt overpowering and the chips were crispy and light . our meals arrived shortly after we had finished eating the chips and salsa . my  ordered the 1 and i ordered the 3. the shredded beef tacos cheese enchiladas and tamale were delightful . every bite was savory and tender . ni would recommend this restaurant for mexican food . the  is friendly and  attentive and helpful . we will be back .
__label__pos the creative quest is a terribly  little store in oldtown glendale . the shop  all manner of  papers rubber stamps scrapbooking notions and bookbinding supplies.nni originally found this store because its a great place to buy origami paper . they take the paper remnants and cut them into  to be  in bulk variety bags . its an amazing deal for a collection of  textured paper.nncheck out their  for the  going on each month
__label__pos place is awesome  is  lots of stuff to  with the  maze and  pillow are awesome the bike racetrack was fun too  come to  if your bored with kids 39
__label__pos   y la   muy  .  limpieza es excelente  las personas que atienden son  amables
__label__neg i have always shopped at kohls but i must say that i am dissatisfied with their customer service . we registered at kohls for our wedding and we received several duplicate items . the customer service  would not allow us to get  back with a gift receipt . our only options were to put the amount back on the gift givers credit card or to  a store credit . i think people should be aware of this in  they register for big  like we did and then you end up with a lot of kohls   .
__label__neg everytime i go here i leave telling myself that their wash once and throw away quality clothing and their incomparable  prices should be reminder enough not to return but somehow i digress . so on my last trip to kohls scott my   greeted me with a monotone voice and flat affect . that coupled with the fact that he didnt know how to count  change but  held out his hand and  all my coins and dollars into my palm was the last straw terrible the store should be embarrassed . please .  to hire young employees with even a little bit of professionalism .
__label__pos great  reliable    . we   when in town .   .
__label__neg  i     . nnwe came here two years ago . dinner was ok. cute place . nndecided to stop for dinner . very few people there not a good sign . again not busy . waited 10 mins . waitress  near us 3 times . never greeted us . never welcomed us . 10 minutes . again not busy . nnwe got up and left . service is terrible . very disappointed .
__label__neg next  i want to party with my mom this is where i will go because every  person in there aside from the people at my table were old  to be my parents . and most of them were apparently swingers.. nnlovely . nn50 year old husbandwife swappers looking to score.. the mental pictures are scarring my mind . excuse me while i barf.nnanyway a few friends met up here to watch some football and drink some cheap beer . who knew it would  into beerfestival  accompanied by way too many shots of jameson . i think this is the only way we all could stand the atmosphere . to top it off the food was not good at all my chicken  tasted a little bit like vomit and the  was pretty much a roasted pineapple slice with a mound of hard potato strings and 3 overcooked shrimp on skewers growing out of it . to top it off i was in the ladies room with 25 cougars and a mouse ran across the floor.. imagine 25 half naked 50 year old women bouncing up and down arms flailing and screaming at the  of their lungs.. because that is what was going on . ridiculous . nni will only go back here if georgie s. drags me here again for drunken football debauchery.. otherwise count me out .
__label__neg horrible customer service and horrible time management.nni came in this morning at 730 am right when they opened . only one other person here at the same time he got here  mins before me . i  for a basic oil change and tire rotation so does the other guy . it  them 15 mins just to get my paperwork ready and get my info . at 745am the guy  me says the  will be  within 30 mins 45 tops . its 850 am and hes still working on the tire rotation dont even think hes done the oil change yet . the guy who got here before me was in and out in 30 mins . theres 3 guys working here and i am still waiting for my vehicle . meanwhile the  i assume is the  has already taken 4 smoke breaks beyond angry . its very simple do not quote a time you can not keep . better yet stop dicking around and do your job . theres 3 guys here the shop was dead it shouldnt take over an hour and a half to get a simple oil change and tire rotation . i am never coming here again .
__label__neg had an eye exam and a couple of pairs of glasses  from this location . the exam was thorough and professional . however my problem was with the staff . you would think after spending  500 youd be afforded good service.nnapparently this chain has scraped the bottom of the barrel when it comes to their nonmedical staff . when i called to find out if my glasses were  the young lady i spoke to  me on hold for 25 minutes . i hung up the  and called back . no apology just was told by one of her fellow workers that she was scatterbrained because she was pregnant . wtfnnthe saving grace was the assistant manager  . i was pretty ticked when i showed up . she took control fitted my glasses two pairs and wouldnt allow me to leave the store until my  were cleaned and i was satisfied that they fit perfectly . kudos to this young lady .nnwould i return hmm ... only if i can get service from this  manager .
__label__neg spent over 16 for a buffet lunch and expected the pizza to be hot and ready to eat . what i found was that i had to sort through over 15 dirty  with food still on them sitting on the counter that i was expected to use for my food pizza that appeared grease soaked and had been sitting for an extremely long time and very little selection of pizza available . after trying to eat a piece of the older pizza i waited for over 15 minutes for a as in one new pizza to be put up on the  . the pepperoni pizza had a small hint of cinnamon flavor probably due to not cleaning the pans well enough and was nasty . i decided at this point i would give up on the food . nnbesides the food being poor the guests that were here were even worse . i understand that peter piper pizza does not have control over its patrons but i will not be visiting this establishment again . in trying to eat my pizza i had one person listening to some terrible rap music on his phone so loud the entire side of the establishment had to listen with him . whats worse is he didnt even purchase anything he simply entered sat and listened to his phone . i also felt like i was trapped between a gang territory dispute with one guy having his pants around his knees holding his  up in an attempt to flash his giant metal belt  to another group of thugs . its  to see that a place i used to  my kids frequently has got this bad and i also can see why i travel the extra distance to go to a  and  location.nnall in all i am very dissatisfied with my experience and will think again when deciding where to spend money for food .
__label__pos i have been going to brothers for almost 5 years now .  on sunday holidays . or when we are going to do something and do not want to prepare food at home . probably about 8 to 10 times a year . breakfast is the only meal i have eaten . breakfast is not hard to prepare . bacon eggs  waffles are not hard to fix . why is this the only place i eat breakfast when i am in peoria service when you get there you are greeted with a smile . everyone acts like they are genuinely  you are there . they are  to do what it takes to keep their customers happy . your coffee cup is kept full . if your waiter or waitress is not there to fill your cup someone else passing by with coffee is . you can get bacon eggs two pieces of toast and hash browns for 2.99. why would anyone in the  go anywhere else everything always comes out  good
__label__pos if you are looking for a great bar with excellent prices then look no further . we went in on a sunday night just after   . i had driven by earlier in the day and the parking lot was full so its a great place to watch a game with some buds and brew . i sat and talked with some of the regulars and it was a great conversation . its the kind of place i wish didnt revolve around drinking cuz i dont really like drinking all that much but i can see how somebody might get into that at the deli sports bar . i guess you could  the place can be addicting . from talking with the clientele it sounds like friday and saturday nights the place can be very busy as well as the average sunday and monday night football season and im assuming any time a series of games are being played on the same day regardless of the sporting event.nnthe juke box is awesome because its actually hooked up to some proprietary internet server system so you have tons of  for music even classical blues and jazz . none saw one  get a little out of hand but he was promptly dealt with but even with that i would still like to go there the again . deli  bar is relaxed atmosphere with excellent prices . the other reviews were very accurate .
__label__neg went into dennys on 811 to have a nice family dinner . my son ordered the make your own pancakes with white  chips strawberries bananas and whipped cream . my parents ordered the make your own grand slam and i got the avocado chicken salad . the restaurant was sort of clean the floors were dirty under the tables cobwebs hanging from the fake plants along the ceiling and on the shutters . not to mention you could make a nice hat from the dust in the laddies bathroom . nnmy son got food poisoning from the whipped  . the avocado on my salad were so rubbery it was like a fake food prop . 13 of the salad was old yellow romaine  . the meat on my parents plates was undercooked my  asked for egg beaters  eggs got egg whites waitress never told her they didnt have egg beaters . parents wanted to change their meat and the waitress went to the kitchen  and told on on them instead of telling the cook she misordered items for them . an experience i hope never to repeat dine at dennys at your own expense
__label__neg as a previous rater acknowledged this is the only club car dealer in the area . this is unfortunate . several things bugged me about this place . they overprice their new carts then heavily  them kinda like cheap used car dealers of old . but the real issue for me was the service department and dealership management . they did not listen and therefore prescribed the wrong fix at inflated pricing . when i asked questions in an  to  them to better understand the issue i was told maybe you should just fix it yourself . in addition the service department was very dirty and seemed disorganized . the  led me to  their facility do some research and actually  it myself . their quote was 2000 my cost ended up at 750. the combination of incompetence and arrogance at this place must  from their near monopoly in  for club car . i would push my car off a cliff and buy an ezgo before i would ever do business with them .
__label__pos this place was excellent from the very beginning i called for an appointment at 9 am and they scheduled me at 3 pm . when i told them that i was in  they bumped it up to 1115 am . the waiting room though  was very nice and relaxing . the woman  the counter was decently friendly but she looked busy . the woman that escorted me into the room was very nice as was the dentist alex song . the dentists voice was so calming that he  put me to sleep ... normally that would be a bad thing for me but considering his profession its probably one of the best qualities he can have . oh and a nice flat screen   man while i was in the hot seat didnt  either nice place great aesthetics and a nice staff . its only not getting the full  stars because its not the cheapest place ive found but they did give me a good discount because of some promotion they were running .
__label__pos i love this store its like a bakers heaven every christmas i buy her  chocolate to make  for all my friendsfamily as  . she also has a nice variety of  and other  . if you  to bake and experience you must go
__label__pos this place is great . not because i use to  there many years ago but because this place has great prices and and great service . matinees are 4.50 and evening shows are 6.50. people prefer the other newer theaters but your paying a whole lot more . the one thing thats a bummer is that they are finally banning people  in their own food and snacks . back when i was working there until a year ago they finally started cracking down . thats what was great and seperated this theater from all the others . this place has 12 theaters . its called cinedome but only  theaters are actually  lol . they upgraded the seating and painted some vibrant colors inside is about the only difference they have done  it opened during the mid 90s . it is outdated but they run first run movies and actually have a couple  screens as well . the snack bar is clean and they actually still have a bulk candy bin . i say if you want to  first run movies at a  price and not as packed as the big places this is the place . until next time
__label__pos all i have to  is    and  and  breakfast  
__label__pos you got ta love these locally owned cafes . i sure do especially when its in old henderson . with a ton of coffee shops that boomed in the  10 years like starbucks and coffee  its a breath of fresh air to see one of these older  still around . coo coos is definitely one of those hidden gems in the area . nnknown for smoothies coffee deserts and sandwiches . its actually their boba that i came in for . i was in the area and met up with telite for a quick boba fix . to be honest i needed to break that 230 feeling . i had their almond smoothie wboba to do exactly that . this treat was creamy and tasted exactly like almonds . imagine the initial taste of an almond roca . now imagine the taste and feel of boba immediately after that almond roca taste .  thats exactly what you get here . simply deliciousnnthere is a wide selection of different sandwiches that you can get here . coo coos is small and can house a couple of groups  but theres also  outside . i say take advantage when the weather is good and eat outside . nnim in this area at least once a month usually for work the henderson police department and to  both wonder twins aka alicia r and terri r. when in the area and if im in the mood for boba i know coo coos will be there to satisfy my  .
__label__pos slot machines in an airport    in an airportnnexcept the layout sucks majorly . why on earth should anyone have to take any kind of shuttle in a midsized airport its beyond me . but its really cool taking off and landing with views of the strip.nni am a world traveler and las is a damned decent  . make sure you dont come too early though because if you get bored you will end up using the   .
__label__neg for a  that embodies glitz and glamor you would think the airport would be a little bit nicer . out of all the  i have flown in and out of i think the vegas airport is one of my least favorite airports . nndismal food choices cramped conditions and an abundance of slot  makes this place a horrible spot to be  in . looking out the windows during my layover to ca i remembered the food i had on my last trip . wonderful over the top and memorable my  began to water . here i looked around the airport and what did i end up settling for ... .sabarro . ick . the charging stations were packed so i had to find a outlet on the wall and sit on the floor and the inside of the airport is just a poor reflection of what las vegas is . when you fly into nashville you get the feeling of country music or even providence you are greeted with ocean feelings . you get nothing at the vegas airport.nnthe only thing that i do  about this  is maybe ethels ... .if i  chocolate and that southwest has a hub here .
__label__neg this airport sucks . you would think workers would know what to do or know where everything is considering that its an international airport . nope . who says im not sure and walks away really seriously its a guessing game here . our flight  was in the late hours of the night . we came into the airport pretty early and the line was mildly short . my bf tried to check us in but it froze on him . wtf man he tried finding a worker from the airport but no one was available . i mean no one was there . he tried asking for help from the workers at hawaiian air and they didnt help either . he finally found one after searching for at least ten minutes . by this time the line for the bag check in got longer . thank goodness i was standing in line already or so i thought . after the first worker walked away my bf found another guy another 10 or  minutes wait and this one told us to stand in the shorter line because we didnt check in properly . we were finally relieved that someone knew what they were doing . yea right ...  you that short line or the line i was in had no sign of what each line was for . nnwe moved to the shorter line which only had two couples . ohh muh gawd we  in line for 45 minutes . everyone who came after us on the other line had bypassed us . not only did the airport worker screw us over the hawaiian airline workers also screwed us over by making us wait 45 minutes . the only reason why they started helping us was because i yelled out for everyone to hear that all of us had been waiting for 45 minutes . i got a reply back from the hawaiian air worker please be  we are busy . i never ever yell out in public places but it was just too  for me . we finally got checked in and had only 20 minutes to spare before they opened the gates for our flight . nnluckily for me i hated las vegas . i probably wont come back unless its something important . and  i wont be back i wont have to  with this airport . thanks for ruining the end of my vacation mccarran international airport and hawaiian air workers .
__label__neg   and  the   and    are horribly overcrowded . service is slow . tear it down and start over
__label__neg its a meh kinda airport . its  and large for no reason . takes forever to get your bags at least from american airlines . waiting for a bag at the airport is the  of what you want when youre ready to  the strip.nnalso when i just checked there were no uber  available . wtf i had never seen this on my uber screen . i thought it was a mistake . usually iuber shows at least one car maybe 615 minutes away .  nothing . maybe this airport doesnt allow uber ... im not up on the latest  vegas news .
__label__neg die bewertung  sich auf terminal 1. das ist mit abstand der schlechteste terminal den  je gesehen habe . ekliger teppich u00fcberall . es gibt auu00dfer  u00fcberteuerten starbucks keine mu00f6glichkeit etwas zu  . einen food court gibt es nicht .  gibt zwei mager bestu00fcckte zeitungslu00e4den . einfach nur ein witz eine  zum betrinken gibts hier zwar doch  ist geschlossen ...
__label__neg  flights of my life.nncramped dirty stinky seats . dirty man who  of b.o . sat next to me while i tried to eat a hamburger.. which didnt exactly work .  was rude and  was miserable.nni have flown  many times . after the last  i will  be back . virgin america here i come .
__label__pos if you watch mad men you notice that only upper  ubber wealthy people use to ride on airplanes . it was a major luxury to be able to spend that much to get  . then coming back to the present time ... its still a luxury to be able to fly however its more of a necessity now . especially when driving to lv from sf takes  too long for my taste . plus time is money nnive traveled to and from las   times and the service is always pretty good . its been on time the lines move smoothly and efficiently and the  compartments for my luggage is pretty easy to take care of . i dont have any complaints . and this time we  15 minutes early to lv which is good because  is money honey .
__label__pos great price for what you get .  is  the rooms are a little stuffy but running the air conditioner it   . the people and customer service are awesome we were only here a day and most of the staff knew us by name . we decided to  for super bowl because not only are the rooms a great price but the food and  too 6.99 for a  prime rib dinner 3.00 for  and 3.00 blackjack . will definitely come back .
__label__pos prices are good pizza is good sauce was a  sweet for my taste but the crust was great not doughy high grade cheese ... as close as youre going to get to authentic  pizza in las vegas .  customer service fast accurate and friendly . location is soso but that goes for most of downtown . you can park right in front of the place 10 minute parking or a couple blocks away parking  and walk . homeless people may ask you for a slice of pizza on your way back to your car if you  to walk so if youre not in the giving mood or dont have a  of humor then you should  park directly in  just in case .
__label__neg im really sorry to do this to all the peeps from hawaii that love   but i have to write about the buffet at fremont.njust got back from vegas and my wife and her cousin had a really bad experience.nthe whole trip they were excited to get crab legs at fremont on friday night . they couldnt wait so when friday came you could see the excitement on their faces.nmy wife used my coupon from vacations hawaii and her cousin just paid full price . 15.99. super cheap..nthey started to get down to business and piling on the crab legs and clams . well half way through the dinner the cousin bites into a clam and finds a staple in the clam .  a staple . they both were like what the hell is this.nthey call over to the manager that was standing there and told her about the situation . the manager had the nerve to ask the cousin if she  it there . they both were shocked at what she had said . they said no but the manager didnt believe them . come on lady are you mentalnmy wife and her cousin wanted just an  and everything would of been okay but manager wench wasnt giving in . okay  to the chef.nthe chef comes out and was really sorry and kept on apologizing but im dont think he was using his noodle when he said oh yeah this kind of thing happens all the time . at least once every other month stupid you just admitted to having this problem and youre not trying to fix it . my wife and her cousin was laughing because they couldnt believe what these  were saying and doing . nutcase manager and stupid chef.nthe manager is so pissed at my wife that she finally gives them a refund but not the 15.99 but the coupon . thanks i  she wants us to come back the next night . nmy wife left the place in shock and left a nice tip for the fremont buffet.nthe coupon ... .
__label__pos amazing   .  and  was excellent .  was  . food was simply  . my dad did say the rice was on the salty side . but aside from that the food was on point . the table side salad that comes with every entree is filling and  as well .
__label__neg four queens used to be the class of downtown . now it has  to the point of a cross between a dottys in the ghetto and an over elaborate mc mansion . the slots are locked down at 89 percent and despite having a few dealers that are 100 percent on point fun chatty and extremely entreating the majority of dealers are so cold and deprived of life that they would fit in like a champ in a adams family movie or even a godzilla flick . the mid shift casino  is a grade a dick with a capital d its like someone got a soar dick and named it after him . carlos yeah talking to you baby take a few black chips off his craps table 3 or 4 nights in a row and hell kick you off his table games . apparently winners are not allowed here . the main bonus and definitely a reason to frequent this  is there are  of very  cute and quick cocktail girls . i would rank them towards the top of the line on fremont street were the average age of a cocktail girl is pushing 60 the queens has broken through and done something very  with younger attractive and pleasant gals . very cute outfits and always smiling what more could a man ask for it reason to play in the casino if you can skirt the mean mugging dealers . ditch the  pit bosses whom have been promoted to the upper limits of there  get some dealers that smile every now and than kick out the bums that get to ya before security does need more proactive based security kick out the bums as soon as they walk inn ... looks like a bum smells like a bum gtfo and the queens could return to the class of downtown that it once was .
__label__neg this place should be closedni took a girlfriend there ... i was very  as the  itself looks cruddy . my friend ordered the steak and lobster for 11.99 the waiter  us the deal started at 9pm ... we  to wait another 15 min . we ordered the kickin shrimp ... it was soggy and looked disgusting . we sent it back . then some maxwell smart looking dude came to our  ... not to discuss the shrimp order we returned but to inform us we could not be seated before 9pm to order the lobster special . we got that resolved by the manager . my friends steak which was ordered medium rare was well done . that was returned to get the same thing . finally she said she would try to  it ... we just wanted to leave . as she was cutting this dry tough  it flared to the ground . you do not want to go here
__label__neg ohhhhhhh  checking out of our room at 1159 on a sunday and hungry we knew we were up against a line at this cafe expected.nnwe were exhausted and hungover once seated it took forever to get waited on and were  the minutes for water and coffee . waitress finally came took our drink order left and again  really long getting our drinks we told her to leave the pitcher it couldve been a while getting water again.nnfor the food we waited and waited finally another waiter came to take our food order which seemed odd not getting notice from our original waitress even though we could see her walking around but who  we were hungover hungry . nnwe were recapping our vegas adventures and our original waitress was clearing a table in the  out of the corner of my eye i see her put food in her mouth and chewing it . no effin way i was telling our table what just happened and a girl from the next table  her too and couldnt believe her eyes either she heard us talking about it and confirmed it we all had a laugh at how blatant this waitress was at not giving a shit about customers perception of cleanliness . we even joked about leaving her leftover bacon as a tip.nnour food came out and it was the worst breakfast ive had in vegas including the 1.99 specials off fremont street . everything was luke warm at best eggs looked pretty gross and the  was petrified . called the manager over he deducted the food we were out of there .
__label__neg let me  this by  i used to live in las vegas and my family still does and this used to be the goto spot for locals to have a staycation . this is what we were doing when we last rented a room in june . i apologize for the great detail but i want you to understand what a horrific experience we had.nnour reservation was for one night to celebrate my sisters 21st birthday . we had two rooms and pulled up together with our bags in tow to the valet . we waited for about 5 minutes and were finally approached by a valet attendant who aggressively asked what we were doing there . we stated that we have reservations and were there to check in . he responded with a very robotic and rude show me your bags or your reservation . we told him we had our bags in the trunk and he continued to be aggressive . i understand they probably have a lot of people taking advantage of the valet service however as soon as he realized that we were not one of those people he should have turned that attitude off . he did not . nnas i started to unload my things and my baby i asked for a caddy to tote our luggage on . they told me i am not allowed to use it . i had to ask why before they would offer me a baggage attendant that would  me . when the baggage attendant approached i was really hoping he would turn things around . i was sadly disappointed . i loaded our bags onto the caddy and he was writing and had never said anything to me or my group so i  we were finished . i proceeded to head inside . he came after me about 3 minutes later and held his hands out and asked how am i going to get these to you if you dont wait a minute i followed him back out to the valet area . he then accosted me for placing an item on the luggage caddy that wasnt in a proper bag it was a box of crackers ... and he rolled his eyes and grabbed a plastic bag and placed the crackers in the bag . he then asked me to count my bags . i did and i reported the number . he began to explain that the bags could take up to an hour to get to our room and that me taking them myself was still not an option . in that case i decided i would need my diaper bag . i removed it from the caddy and he  his eyes again and proceeded to dramatically rip up the ticket and said we need to count again . he then proceeded to tell me that when i got to the room i would need to call them to bring the bags up . i asked him to just send them now since we were on our way out and he said we dont do that . you have to be there to accept them . when i finally was released by the baggage king we headed to our rooms to accept our bags that they wouldnt allow us to take by ourselves . i waited on hold for 4 minutes before anyone answered and they demanded a code that was on my paper . i had a baby in my arms so i  them to look it up by our room number or reservation since our  name had been taken but they said they required the code . i told them to wait a second so i could dig it out and they told me i would have to call back when i was ready ... nnthe rest of the experience continued in that direction . we made a point to avoid all restaurants bars and gambling in the golden nugget since the experience had been so consistent . there is clearly some type of management issue that the staff is not happy with and as a customer i felt it . we will not be returning and we have recommended that our friends and family avoid it as well . we were extremely  and i really wish i had thought to get names of the people that were so incredibly rude .
__label__neg 13.99   . not   at  .  were ok. its a buffet great if you have kids not so great if you are into quality over quantity . it was clean the cashier was rude but the busboy was great . will eat somewhere else next time .
__label__neg steak was horrible . was hungry still couldnt  those  coals . raw  no marination . all other  were   . they get a  of customers so you guess what kinda service you  get . over all overrated restaurant
__label__pos first let me get the important stuff out of the way.nbusiness hours 930 am to 530 pm monday through saturdayn 930 am to  pm sunday.nni think the reason why the rating  stay at 4 stars would be because of their hours . if you think about it they are in a prime location in between 3rd st and fremont street experience . but because their hours are considered day time hours all you nocturnal peeps will never get the pleasure of checking out their fine establishment.nnnow for the good stuff . think of all the beef jerky that you have  had . now times that by 100. you get the beef jerky store . should be called the beef jerky and other good stuff store . once you  inside you will know what i mean . nnnot only do you get your typical beef jerky with all sorts of different flavors there is also wild boar ostrich salmon tofu  and clam . nnnow for the other good stuff . they also have dried fruit nuts and candies . some notables there are okra chips and baby crab . yes i said baby crab.nnsome random info . there is a 10 dollar minimum on debitcredit cards . make sure to take full  of the free beef steak jerky on check in.nnso in closing i wish they were open later but then again i can understand their point of  based on drunk people coming in and wreaking havoc . nevertheless i will continue to be a fan . i just need to show up earlier.nnyelp 2014 365  challenge 19
__label__neg 2.5 starsnni have some really fond memories of fitzgeralds . i visited this location as a broke college student and though it is off the  the beds arent the  it  of cigarette smoke and lacks all the  and whistles of the modern vegas hotels we have all  accustomed to fitzgeralds has a few things going for it nn1 . cheap  at the  . super cheapnn2 . cheap slots and card games . you can play the penny slots and 5 blackjack tables to you hearts contentnn3 . the staff here are absolutely amazing . they are friendly accomodating and will bend over  for you . nnthis is a great low cost option for those traveling to vegas on a budget . that being said the fitzcould really use a facelift .
__label__neg great place to  to when you need vintage and youre willing to  an outragous amount on  you typically wouldnt wear everyday . there is a creepy cat that roams the store too and i have bad allergies to catsannoying the staff is really  and wont really help you find what your  looking for unless they are having a good day ... nnif you want my opinion ... go to buffalo  the staff is fun and friendlyand there is no telling what youre  to find . the prices are awesome and some of the proceeds go toward chairity
__label__neg koa rv park at sams town has certainly made a change for the worst . sams  rv park was our to go spot in vegas but now that it is a koa heavy  noise begins at 700 am lots of people in yellow shirts driving yellow  carts but the place looks unkept . jacuzzi temp down to warm pool water looks green   is the  i have experienced no change machine for laundry office not receptive bring your own quarters . it took 3 attempts to get a site . people  the  we wear assigned . overall i would highly recommend an alternative rv park not the koa at circus circus for your stay in las vegas .
__label__neg i was pretty excited to stay at sams town for the night with my husband because we used to come here on dates when we were  and it was so nice . we stayed here last night and it was ridiculous . the check in line was a good hour of waiting because there were only  very slow people  the desk . when i checked into the room i realized that my neighbors were the neighbors from hell and the  hallway  of  . the room was cozy but dusty and a bit run down . there are very few channels to choose from on tv . at 600 am we woke up to our neighbors kids ringing our hotel door bell repeatedly and when we finally got up and took care of that and fell back asleep housekeeping knocked at the door at 730 asking to  our room when we had the so not disturb sign up . she was a lady who spoke terrible english and she just went from door to door yelling housekeeepppiiiinnngggggg waking everyone . it felt like we were staying in some really ghetto apartments . never ever again will we return . awful dingy and  hotel . awful . next time we will go to the mgm trump or something else .
__label__pos this place is amazing . timothy timo as hes known took care of me . walking in i thought i had stopped into central district in seattle . loud hard core gangsta music guys yelling back and fourth cranking jokes seeming oblivious that i was there.nnas we walked in one barber called to us asking what we needed . told him we needed a haircut . we sat and as others came and went seeming mostly to  we waited . one customer leaving said the waits long but its worth it . nnmy partner was sat first then i was next . the guy who took care of me has been cutting hair for 23 years . he was great cleaned up my beard cut my hair made it all  tight . according to him i was representing his work . nnwithout a doubt the prices were great i had the cut above the  experience . it was worth  penny . nnthis place is a  treasure . for the best shave cut fade trim or whatever this place is not worth missing . in vegas youll pay 3xs more for worse  you  here.nnthanks timo love what you did
__label__neg although the masseuse was very good at the spa the facilities were not  the service was less than average and unfriendly wait staff and overpriced for what i received . the receptionist upon arrival was grumpy and i have been to other spas in  that were very well kept and concerned about me as their customer in this facility i never even saw an employee other than when i was having my massage . they had a shower that was out of order as  as the steam room was closed . the hot tub was very dirty the showers were old and rundown the vanity area was lacking and what was so  the  grand room was very small and the jetted tub was very  i am very disappointed having been to a mandara  before i expected  .
__label__pos tatatatastyyyyyyy if you want a  tasty affordable  to nurse that partytoohardthenightbefore feeling ... you must  capriottis . nnthe  is clean and  is super friendly though its a little off the beaten  its worth it i highly  the bobbie or the slawbejoe
__label__neg kung fu kicked to 2 starsnn kung fu restaurant broke an important rule . that rule is to never ever force your customers to leave a minute after giving them the check . breaking this rule has consequences such as a one star reduction in a review rating . as a result of their unprofessional action a 3.4 rating is dropped to 2.4 stars that is rounded off to 2 stars . yikes kind of how my brother and i also felt . in all honesty this a gentle response  that many talented yelpers would reward this experience with a one star rating . nn kung fu restaurant is  in the las vegas chinatown district at the southwest corner of valley view and spring mountain boulevard . after a day in springs preserve suffering with a hurt left foot my brother and i decided to drive a few traffic lights south on valley view boulevard to chinatown . this would be a convenient choice . actually not really . regardless that kung fu is at a major  the parking situation is atrocious . the diminutive parking  are more ideal for a golf  than todays modern vehicles . id sacrifice my car if i left it there . so we parked across valley view boulevard near starbucks with the intention of a post dinner coffee after . so id sacrifice my legs and limbs crossing a busy valley view boulevard.nn the service started out allright . immediately after walking inside there was a booth available i wonder why . the waiter presented my brother and i with glasses of cold water and the menus . nn  that there was a large assortment of dishes to choose from only the entree page dishes included jasmine rice . nothing about brown or fried rice . i ordered the shrimp chop suey which was around 9.50. my taste buds say that the shrimp chop suey is 3.4 stars . in comparison to the chinese restaurants that i have reviewed my chinese restaurants list is the home of these reviews the  of the shrimps trailed in comparison . generally speaking or tasting the quality from the vegetables to the sauce tasted fine . the soy sauce gave some taste to the jasmine rice . with the shrimp chop suey and jasmine rice i ordered hot tea . in my opinion it is nearly impossible to mess up the delicious hot tea that chinese restaurants serve . after a few cups of the delicious green tea i stand by my opinion . thanks to the yelp checkin offer the tea was complimentary . i would of enjoyed a bowl of my beloved wonton soup one of my favorite foods in the world going back to my toddlerhood . but kung fu doesnt give any breaks with the soup . the war won ton soup is around 9. they ought to include personal portions of soup on the menu . then again they ought to include chopsticks on the table . nn the food was good . i ate everything down to the plate including the sauce . my brother and i were talking at the time the waiter presented us with the check . around a minute later the  tells us to pay because people were waiting for the booth . he wasnt giving us the stink eye and handed us our fortune cookies . without a nasty demeanor he just rushing us out of the booth barely giving my brother and i time to split the bill . nn i didnt read the fortune cookie . an appropriate fortune cookie would say something like the average person tells nine other people when they are unhappy with a business where the average yelper tells a couple thousand people when they are unhappy with a business . or the fortune cookie might of said you have a world of restaurants to choose from in your city . or the fortune cookie could of said there is nothing like competition . to close off this review what i am saying is that kung fu rushed us out the door of their restaurant and it is a door i dont intend to open in a long time .
__label__pos ive only eaten here once . it was an interesting spot for the  hidden away among a facade that did not strike me as an irish pubrestaurant . however once you step inside it is obvious what this place is . it is very charming and almost makes me want to  a pint right there . i do my best to  the urge.nnthe seating is odd we are taken off to another room that i must admit is much nicer to sit in than the bar area . as the band was showing up right as we were leaving i could see it getting quite loud in the bar area but could be not nearly as bad in the back room.nni wasnt that hungry to  with but one look down the menu had me ordering beef stew w guiness . i was thinking soup more than stew for some reason so when a  bowl was served to me i was taken aback . had i been hungrier i wouldve  much more but instead my companion was asking me if i was gon na eat that . that was a firstnni didnt partake in the alcohol  here saved my money for casino royale but the choices seemed plentiful and the bar would be fun when a band is there . the cost is reasonable and you get what you pay for . nnill be coming back hopefully sooner than later .
__label__neg when i eat at a ruths chris ive come to expect excellent food and even better service . my experience at this location however did not meet my expectations.nnits located in a strip mall so the parking was convenient but the fau00e7ade was not very impressive . our party of 6 came in a bit staggered and our half was not greeted by anyone instead we had to find our way to the table where the rest of our party was seated.nnthe waitress was friendly but gave the welcome to ruths chris spiel with the enthusiasm of an airline stewardess explaining how to put on a life jacket in the event of a water landing.nni ordered the crabatini which was  . a friend of mine ordered the calamari for the table though and it seemed like someone pulled the squid out and just fried up the breading . it also really needed a remoulade or some kind of  to dip the fried bits into . nnshortly before our steaks arrived an overly gruff and visibly uncomfortable servers assistant arrived to direct us to avoid touching the  as they are 500 degrees and to hold our napkins up so we dont get splattered with the sizzling butter our steaks would be bathing in . my ribeye steak and the rest of our partys filets arrived . after taking my first bite i thought where is all of the sizzling butter i was warned about and craved the steak was good but just not as great as all of the other times ive been . my side of sweet potato casserole was as delicious as i remember though.nnafter finishing about 12 of my ribeye and settling into a meat coma i realized that my   with the dining experience was not being helped by the view of the other servers loafing and leaning against the front counter or the excessively hot  in the room . it is vegas in the summer time it is alright to crank the air conditioning up there was no dessert for me i just  to flee the scene . nni am sure im being overly critical but ruths chris is  to be a top notch steak house with superb service . other times ive visited rated 4.5 to 5 stars maybe this location just needs some new management . nni will return but just not to this location .
__label__pos searching desperately for a mexican  that stayed open a little later than 9pm on the  of my friends dads birthday we settled on bonito michoacan.nnwhat we received was extremely friendly service a lot of delicious food and they had  a 4 piece  sing happy birthday and gave our man of the hour a free shot of tequila.nni dont really see anything i could have criticized from our experience . we were seated promptly treated well and the food was surprisingly very delicious . additionally we stayed there for a good 40 minutes after their closing time and never  rushed at all.nni had the steak cilantro whilst the others around the table had an  of chimichanga a  gigantic burrito and chicken helena or something along those lines . everything was cooked really well with rich  flavors.nnwe also got the handmade table side guacamole and it was extremely tasty and fresh.nnall in all it was a very pleasant experience .
__label__pos wow ive been to las vegas a dozen  and never knew this place existed ... hell i didnt even realize the strip is next door to chinatown whaaaatnnthis place opens at 1030am on the weekend . i was there for dim sum right when it opened . the food was great . a lot of the  like the sesame balls barbeque pork pies were fresh out of the oven and hot those were great seriously i didnt realize the difference but if i can make a comparison . cookies fresh from the oven are way better than ones sitting around so were the sesame balls . the sui mai was fresh too but i think the chicken feet were a little over done . that was the only bad thing i have to say.nnthe goodnvery close to the strip by taxi nwalking distance from the orleans casinongood authentic dim sumninexpensivendecentfriendly service is that  at dim sumnnthe badnno taxis readily in the area to get you back to the strip.nif you walk to the orleans for a taxi the  gets a little slummy .
__label__pos saw the grand opening banner and signage while driving to a yelp event and decided to grab a quick dinner before heading home . the restaurant has been opened for years but due to a kitchen fire they were closed for 7 months . so no ftr for this spacious restaurant filled with traditional thai art and carvings . even though the name suggests that it is a thai restaurant they also have a significant number of  items on the menu.nnthe menu is pretty  . except it is arranged a little  from other thai restaurants i.e . no curry section . aside from the usual appetizers  soups sections the rest of the menu is broken down into sections by proteins e.g . poultry beef or pork seafoodvegetables except you have choice of chicken beef pork seafood or shrimps on just about all of the entree items.nnsince i like to order what the restaurant considers their signature dish on my first visit i was recommended to try mint leaf beef which is beef marinated in thai sauce and then cooked with chili and fresh mint leaves . it was prepared and served quicklyand the flavor was very good . the medium spicy level is probably less spicy compared to some other restaurant so if you you prefer more heat you are  to have to specify thai heat  and not the tamed american heat level.nnambiance 3.55 thai themed decor in a spaciously  dining room.nnservice 45 maybe it was good because they are not that busy but i have no complaints about their service level.nnfood 45 i enjoyed what i ordered and look forward to trying more items in the future.nnprice 55 lunch specials are 7.25 which is good . n 45 dinner prices is average compared with other thai restaurants.nnlocation sw near the palms.nnparking 55 plenty of parking spaces in this strip mall.nnoverall 4 stars
__label__neg after waiting so long for the reopening thai spice was a big disappointment . the food was bland unoriginal and pretty much what i dont look for in thai food . going with a group of friends mostly versed in thai food we proclaimed that thai spice wont be a reoccurring lunch spot . we ordered the pad see ew 9.95 and had some goofy name on the menu the green curry beef 10.95 the larb pork 9.96 the chicken fried rice 9.95 and the one sun beef jerky 8.95. everything was ordered with medium spice and thai style.nnthe pad see ew was served without chinese broccoli as an option . the sauce was some sort of a generic chinese style teriyaki sauce . the chicken was bland . there was no spice and even with  of their chili powder which we had to ask for there still wasnt much flavor or heat . pad see ew is an easy dish and somehow thai spice still  it bland . unfortunately this was the  dish of the meal.nnthe green curry with beef was also a miss . lightly  and without much flavor at all or spice it was boring to eat . just plain boring . the occasional bell pepper was the only thing that gave this dish any interesting flavor . i have had worst tasting curries but this one was  one of the blandest curries i have ever had . whats the point of  this againnnthe larb with pork was border line gross . it was the most offensive dish that we had and one of my friends just plain couldnt stand it . the flavor was off . it had a lot of vinegar along with a poorly balanced blend of  that were just totally unappealing . again no heat at all to even cover up the bad flavor . do yourself a favor and dont order the larb here.nnthe chicken fried rice was unoffensive . it was also bland as heck . the chicken was dry and there was no flavor to speak of . is this food for 5 year oldsnnyeah the jerky wasnt good either . the sauce was uninspiring and overly salty . the meat tasted of poor quality . i had to convince my one friend who had never had thai jerky before that it is actually really good at some other places.nnthai spice is some of the most bland thai food i have ever had and americanized to boot . there were a lot of chinese dishes on the menu . you might want to just stick to the chinese stuff . if youre looking for thai flavors go somewhere else .
__label__pos  bar service.nngreat table service.nngreat food.nngreat wine.nngreat company.nngreat evening.nnferraros fantastic  .
__label__pos great  food all their pastas are homemade .  extensive  selection and some  they have live music . perfect    the street from hard  .
__label__pos 5 stars period nmy husband worked for the family years ago and besides being great people they   great from scratch food .  pistachio passion is the most amazing dessert ever made nferraros   food  service and ambiancenthis is a regular choice for our nights out ...
__label__pos   .   all the    the  and were very friendly . i highly recommend the rabbit and lobster ravioli . the fact we had an option to order small portions tapas and were able to try more then one meal four each to be exact was phenomenal . when visiting vegas please stop by and try it out . being italian and raised around good food here and in italy i am very particular with my italian food and for myself to recommend an italian restaurant is extremely rare . a
__label__pos was there saturday night and was able to walk in with no reservations . appetizers were  .  the filet but was under cooked . the waiter took it back but came back stil  . other than that all the rest of food was awesome . staff was friendly . manager took of the filet of the  and then  us coffee and desert on the house .  the  mile to make sure we were happy . nice place away from  traffic of the strip . will be back .
__label__neg i think the  is what killed it for me . having seen noras on  and reading all the positive reviews i expected the best italian food in town . especially since this is where all the chefs go to eat as per the food network.nnwe wanted to order the pasta puttanesca but the bartender insisted we order the house  pork chops . so it was fried calamari some kinda fried risotto balls with saffron and the aforementioned pork chops.nnthe calamari was typically mediocre the same kind youd get at cheesecake factory and the like . the risotto balls were decent though there wasnt much cheese or saffron in it . we felt like  for listening to the bartender about the pork chops though . it reminded me of kitchen confidential where the chefs try to push out the last of old meats on the customers . at least the garlic bread was good but they charge you for any additional baskets  the first.nnthis place just   an overpriced olive garden minus the unlimited salads and  .
__label__neg i honestly can not see how this  is reviewed so well . so we came here after reviewing the  of my fellow yelpers and saw a good amount of people in the restaurant . we were  the complimentary one basket of garlic bread . if you want some more  bread its 1.50 per basket . it was ok. i ordered the lasagna and my bf ordered the works which is a mixture of sausage jalepenos shrimp sundried tomatoes and pasta . my lasagna was gross . it had pounds of cheese to mask the nasty flavor of the dish . i couldnt figure out what the flavor was  of like nutmeg . the  dish was somewhat better . the shrimp was good and the  but seperate . all together it was rather nasty . yes its not expensive but save your money its not worth it . we left very dissappointed .
__label__pos ive been here a few times over the past  years and its been consistently good the  staff is knowledeable about the menu and very happy to accommodate any special requests . n for appetizers ive had the calamari which was deliciously seasoned and served with a tasty blush  of tartar sauce however i asked for a side of marinara that was gladly and promptly brought to me . the  were  and nicely seasoned . crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with a good amount peas meat sauce and mozzarella on the inside . the presentation was beautiful with basil  on top and served over some marinara which was way too skimpy of an amount but theyll gladly give you morenmy friend and i had the eggplant parmigiana and veal parmigiana both of which were delicious . the eggplant was breaded and fried lightly with just enough marinara and  mozzarella on each slice . the veal was tender and well seasoned as well . theyve also got a nice wine list with reasonable prices . i also like the way they redecorated the dining room with multicolored ceiling tile and the  . this place is always busy so id suggest a reservation especially if you have a larger party .
__label__neg the front desk service is horrible . an older man named jim helped me with my reservation . he was  and unfriendly . not hospitable at all . i had made a reservation for a premium room so i asked him if he had given me one . he said no and had given me a  room . i showed him my email confirmation showing that i paid for a  room and without an apology he reluctantly changed my room . shouldnt they know who booked what the check in process was very frustrating . nnthe room itself was renovated and nice . flat screen tv . neat  . large vanity . our  overlooked the side of a building . i used the gym at the hotel old equipment and shabby looking . the pool and hot tub didnt look too great . nnthe highlight of this hotel is the  sum restaurant ping pang pong . small venue but it is so good i highly  this restaurant .
__label__pos     ive  had   burgers and fries great service and pieeee
__label__neg food was good service was lacking but i did notice that it was only my waitress.nwhen i asked the different waitresses for  or things like the rest of my food she quickly and courteous obliged.nill give it a second  ill just make sure to get a different waitressnoh and the pie in the window was stale when i returned it the manager  the date to  how long they were where and it was almost 2 weeks ... so stay away from the pie in the window ... ..lolnnstale pie and  service and i still give it 2 stars ... .the food must be pretty decent right .  at my other reviews im picky
__label__pos     hash ... . all in an    .  .
__label__neg these people are lowlife  . they dont spend a dime on repairs unless you threaten them with legal  . they try to rob your security deposit . they tried to  me  for 10 year old carpet which i am suing them in landlord tennet court which will cost them double . the  sent me a termination letter in retribution for complaining which i am  them for which will cost them a 1000.00 penalty . they play stupid when you call about a problem and it is going to cost them money
__label__pos who doesnt want to watch hockey in the desert even though the  is under .500 right now they play hard and games are always entertaining . they  the idaho steelheads i have no idea what a  is this past thursday and  and both games ended in a shootout with the teams splitting the games . there really isnt a bad  in the house and prices are very reasonable . i had seats about 10 rows up from behind the net and they were only about 21 a piece . kids under 2 get in for  . not a  familyfriendly event fights and all .
__label__neg worst gokart  of my life . nthe lady at the front is nice cool . but after that is completely  . they leave you in a room to watch a short instructional video which is complete shit . they state the obvious like ok red is stop green is go . dont press them at the same time blah blah . they also tell you about what  mean which is usefully if they actually use them . the management inside at the track is horrible the entire time i was there they were on their cell phones or playing with their man tits . nni  two  go by and as people had spun out waited patiently with their hands raised waiting for assistance the track workers sat there with their hand down their pants on their phone . nnthe customer sat there waiting for two laps ... .. nnas for the rest be  for uneven cars lack of flag uses . nnbumping go for it they dont give a shit . nnslow drivers waste your time behind them they dont care . nngutless karts this is your place . nnanyone who has  been to a gokart place knows this place sucks . nnnever going again .
__label__pos so i met this music manager thru my work ... he was so fun to talk to and seemed to have a really strong spirit . he was telling me about an upcoming  that i should be a part of . hmmm ... i was thinking..maybe sounds like a great opportunity . so me and two of my girls went to vegas to meet his manager and check out his artists . nnwhen we arrived we were not pleasantly surprised by this old dude that had another agenda in mind . one of his  was a friend of mine and spoke highly of him and the opportunity but little did anyone know he was just a pervennso we arrived at the  ... maral was so excited she stuck her body out of her huge car to capture a picture of the prince sign on the building . the lobby was okay we couldnt get into the club for free and the company outside of this douche bag was wonderful . he wanted us to stay in his room ... whatev nnso we got a room on our own and enjoyed it sooo much . the room was huge and the facilities new like ... and we just had a blast . got some liquor from a liquor store and had a wonderful party . made new  went  got caught in traffic and made new memories with the most amazing gals alive . thank you connie and maral ... i  you such amazing support they gave me that weekend . and it was delightful connies bday nnso all in all it was an amazing  although what brought us there was sooo sad . we  with smiles and great memories .
__label__neg old rooms . my buddy had a big suite . i  i was in a   episode . bring out the   and  really see whats on the old ass couches . haha the valet was friendly . save the  and stay at hooters for  the price .
__label__pos rio has very slow elevator when its busy you may need to wait for a  time.nwe stayed at the  suite . it has two living room and 1 dining room.nthe jacuzzi bath  is  in the room because there no  between the bathroom and bedroom .  room for  and shower . and one more  bathroom in the living room.nthis will be a room i want to come back for .
__label__neg i remember when the rio used to rock harder than any other  casino in town but this way waaayyyy back in the late 90s . its sad to see what was such a grand dame age so poorly.nnrooms are large but completely outdated without flatscreens .  drapes and bathrooms are in desperate need of updating and i saw many worn out and taped spots on casino floor . harrahs bought and paid a fortune for this property and are obviously trying to milk every single cent out of it . its sad and only stayed here on nye because i waited too  to book at the places i normally stay at like  and the  .  werent great back in the 90s and  arent very good although the burger i had at the american grill was  tasty . no good looking people stay here and the cheese factor has definitely been turned up with bikini clad chicks singing karaoke on top of the slot machines.nndefinitely wouldnt be coming back here
__label__neg old outdated  my shower had luke warm water and i was told by hotel staff there was nothing they could do about it ... and suggested i try  my  flushing my toilet over and over and again to get hot water ... .nntotally inept check in out staff or  . i waited in 4  line for 45 minutes to get a final  statement . nnnever  back here again .
__label__neg ive been coming here for the last seven years for the wsop every july . and its not the worst place in the world but its sad to see this place get cheesier and more rundown every year . there are more  vacancies every time restaurants come in and disappear with alarming frequency the live show previews are scaled back room maintenance is pretty bad and they are taking nickelanddimey steps to make up for lost revenue . nnthis year downgraded toilet paper that decomposes when hit with any moisture a new  20 resort fee for local phone calls gym access and wifi for one device per room additional devices are 14 per day even though they cost the hotel nothing . im not sure what any of these things have to do with a resort . but the most insulting  was the outfitting the rooms with a kcup coffee brewer but no complimentary coffee if you want any you are supposed to buy a pack of 3 pods for 8 from the convenience  . this is the first hotel ive ever stayed at that doesnt  you a  servings of coffee to go with the room coffee maker . is this a deal breaker no its a petty complaint . but the petty complaints i have been accumulating for this place keep on accruing . it used to be a nice enough place when we started coming here but it has become shabby and threadbare . nnand im not even going into how for the last three years they screwed up our reservations by bad communication between desk staff . im stuck coming here because of the wsop but will be staying elsewhere for any other trips .
__label__neg this place gets 2   of 1 star because of the price . nnprobably one of the cheapest hotels you can stay at off the strip . the rooms are huge and have pretty nice views however everything inside the hotelroomcasino looked like they havent been replaced  the hotel opened . everything seemed  and outdated . the decor needs a facelift . the lights in the bathroom didnt turn on showering in the dark was fun . didnt  calling the front desk because that likely wont accomplish anything . front desk reps were  and didnt really seem to want to help . nnid only  back if i didnt have to pay for a room .
__label__pos as captives of the rio and all its sad offerings gaylord was one of the few things we enjoyed during a stay at this casino . we were whisked out of the smokeladen casino area into a tastefully decorated tranquil space . nnmost other eateries were packed with 30  waits trying to handle the overflow of a conference held here . with about an hour left to find lunch and return to the conference we poked our heads into gaylord.nntalk about underappreciated the place was nearly empty with one waiter and one busboy . we scored with 13 lunch combinations served as a thali with rice and naan . we shared the  combination and vegetable curry combination . nvery full bellies  of leftovers incuding that lovely naan that we snacked on the next day . our favorite curry was the one with spinach peas and paneer.nnbut we were lucky . as mentioned before this casino was not prepared for the overflow of hungry conferencegoers . we were seated immediately and our food came quickly sizzling hot . but just 20 minutes later there was a queue out the door and people waiting frantically to pay their bills and get  to work . nthe place couldnt handle the load with its small staff and they had to take a lot of heat from impatient people . finally they just had to close and not allow anyone else in which is a shame because this was the best lunch option available especially for that price.nnthe rio seems to attract the kind of clientele that wants  and shakes or buffets . so its no surprise that gaylord is staffed with an expectation of low patronage . but seeing how all the smaller  in the casino seemed wholly unprepared for the streams of hungry  attendees i suspect gaylord as well as other places should have gotten better warning by the casino management of potential increased business from the conference.nnfor all the harried customers and staff at gaylord our waiter took very good care of us in a timely manner even getting our  wrapped up quickly and efficiently .
__label__pos so happy to see viva mercados open again . love the new  . the food was great as we  . the salsa is my favorite in  just the right  of spice and not too chunky . im a big fan of the bean and cheese  enchilada  of course . i also like the cheese enchiladas and beef  crispy.nnit was  to see some familiar faces working there and the staff was fast and friendly . cant wait to go back again .
__label__pos i know i know working out is the last  you want to do in vegas . but im a member its here so why notnnpretty great facility . quaint and a lot to offer . they have a indoor pool . nni want to  it a habit   i come to  . nnp.s . i think they offer 1  pass through  .
__label__neg the same bad  happened to me driver completely forgot about picking us up at luxor to catch our flight . we almost missed our flight because the drivers mia . he refused to pick up the phone and lied to the operator that we were not there whereas in fact we waited for more than an  for him . when i  the   whose phone number i happened to have because he misdialed me earlier for confusing my itinerary with another passenger he had to admit that he forgot about  totally and hanged up abruptly for in the middle of driving . when i tried to get a refund at the ticket sales booth the lady there was so aggressive that she actually walked out of the booth trying to hit me . trying to get hold of the accounting office to  a refund was equally frustrating . i mean i was already almost missing my flight and just want my money back and they have made it impossibly hard.nnall the 1 star reviewers which should be 0 star anyway share the experience that  shuttle service is unreliable and stood the passenger up . urrr ...
__label__neg we sit there in our  hotel my cousins and me ... nnits been over an hour and a half its about 2 in the  and were not hungry  . when we  lose our appetite the pizza finally arrives.nnthatll be 9 bucks.nmy cousin gives a twenty.nim sorry but i dont have change.nnarent these delivery peeps supposed to be ready and have extra changennwe just slammed the door in his face and ate the pizza which was mediocre tasting . never again . dont get flamingo 
__label__pos i brought my girlfriend here for the great view and the warm reviews of the food . luckily it wasnt the busiest time of year and we had a window seat with an  view of the city.nthe food was very good as was the service . in fact the girl at the front gave us a card that got us into ghostbar moon and the playboy club vip and no cover.noverall value was okay . the wine  is extensive with prices inflated as is typical at almost any vegas restaurant.ni   is a great  to take a date . i would return .
__label__neg three days after i graduated from high school i thought it was a great idea to get pierced . i had just got to vegas for my annual summer break at my dads house and with my newfound freedom i headed over to diversity.nnas a young 18year old this was the only tattoopiercing shop i knew of as it was right by the mall . i shouldve thought about it more but i was just too anxious to get it done.nni wanted to get pierced in a pretty private area of my body so the piercer who was rude but i brushed it off because i was just so excited led me to a private room inside which he said no one could see . as he was doing measuring with my top off i was looking out onto the afternoon rushhour of  blvd . since it was a private room i thought the windows worked like oneway mirrors.nboy was i wrong about a week later i drove by the shop again and saw that you can see everything inside the windows i was mortified especially because i was remembering how i was looking down into an  womans car as she was stopped right under the window during my piercing.nnadditionally i had done some research on my piercing on the internet and i brought up some of the concerns i had . i asked about the suggestion of using barbells instead of rings because of the size of my body part of choice . the piercer brushed me it off and said it was not true.nnnine months later which by then i thought it should have healed my piercings were pushing out the piercer was wrong.my worst fears for my piercings had come true.ni ended up taking them out after one completely  out and having to get repierced a few years later . my new piercer  that i was right to begin with and i shouldve walked out the first time when he didnt listen . he pierced me with barbells and my piercings have been happy for the past six years.nni couldve been saved a lot of pain suffering and having to repierce scar tissue if the jerks at diversity listened ... . or if i had  to my  sense and left .
__label__pos nice  ...   .   for  my  one a good  .
__label__neg i love guy fieri but if he likes this place he may need to get his taste buds cleaned stripped or completely replaced because i ordered new york steak and shrimp with cole slaw and baked beans for sides . my daughter ordered mild chicken fingers and fries and my hubby ordered the new york steak and shrimp with the same sides as me . we also ordered the antipasto salad and the 12 lb shrimp basket with fries . we took everything to go because we didnt want to sit there with everyone staring at us like we were the next meal . i expected to hear dueling bajos playing any second after  in there . nnlets start with the steaks they were completely over done . my hubby ordered his med . well and it was murdered beyond belief dry and not  . wheres the salt and pepper at least the 5 shrimp that came with it were good but whatever breading was on them was soggy.nnthe cole slaw was good but we never  our baked beans and didnt want to venture back in that dive to tell the chef he made a mistake it was too scary . nnthe antipasto salad was not what i expected . there was lettuce and lots of it with what im assuming to be ablout 12 of a diced tomato  than 7 pieces of ham about  slices of salami 3 tablespoons of sliced black olives and a handfull of cheese . not my idea of antipasto salad . nnthe chicken fingers were probably the worst of the bunch . i asked for mild chicken fingers so what did they do they took their sauce and sprinkled a tiny amount on the fingers . who does that so im guessing if i had ordered  chicken fingers there would have been a lot more sauce on them they were a joke . nnthe 12lb of shrimp and fries were hard stale and it should say popcorn shrimp because thats what it is . theres more batter than  on those things and they are hard and dry . the fries tasted old and stale and unsalted . nnnext time ill just go to the grocery store and cook at home .
__label__pos awesome food nothing  i  12   after  . service is 
__label__neg   this     and dry fries cold . said its a new cook and sorry paid full price for the  half i ate didnt touch the  .
__label__pos quick look no frills old school mac repair center in the heart of vegas . honest fast and affordable . highly recommended for saving your mac and your wallet . nnin depth spilled a small splash of ginger ale on my trackpad of my 2013 macbook pro retna display . the liquid barely touched the trackpad and within 10 minutes it was no longer working . then the computer would no longer load and went into some strange safe mode . essentially it was doa . i brought the laptop into the apple store in town square as soon as they opened on a sunday . i was rudely chastised for showing up to the apple store wo an appointment . waited 20 minutes and a genius came over and never even looked at my macbook and said it got wet the warranty is voided and the cost of repair is 755. we also can not guarantee your info will be saved . we will just get the laptop working again . the guy was not sympathetic and seemed dismissive . these doofuses i mean geniuses are trained to say this . they are useless . nncentury 23 came on recommendation by several people on my fb page . i brought the laptop over on a monday . met the repairman who would be working on it named ron . he was sympathetic and assured me they would save my info take a look and give me a proper evaluation . by the eod on that monday ron called to let me know that they had saved and backed up all my files from the laptop . on tuesday morning ron called to let me know that he had  the small amount of ginger ale from inside and ordered a new trackpad . he hoped it would be in by the next  . he called on wednesday two days after bringing it in to say your laptop is fixed and you can  it up . total cost including taxes was 169. i was shocked and very happy with how quick they  my laptop and how affordable the cost was nnthe macbook has been working like new . i have been using it daily for weeks and its running perfect . ron at century 23 really saved me and i couldnt be happier with the service i received there . if you have a  computer be careful as they are designed to break easily . if you happen to make a booboo do not take it to apple for repair . they will give you a high quote in hopes that you buy a new machine . century 23 is a certified apple repair center and they will save you time and . they will  you an honest quote at best . nnthank you ron and century 23 i will forever be a customer and will be sending you future business .
__label__neg polo towers is on the strip and all the major hotels are within walking distance . planet hollywood which offers a whole plethora of things is located within a two minute walk of the hotel . my parents my brother and his wife and i all stayed in this hotel for seven days . we rented out two rooms one bedroom suite and one studio room . my parents and i stayed in the one bedroom suite my brother and his wife stayed in the studio.nnone bedroom suiten kitchen has a coffee maker blender toaster ovenstove microwave dishwasher refrigerator . n spacious bathroom . water shot out of the  with so much pressure that hot air came outn dining table complete with four chairsn small balcony compared to the one the studio hasn living room has sofa bed queen size mattress . i slept here . mattress was springy had little cushioningn two large tvsnnstudio roomn bed comes out of wall queen size bed fits right over the couch after all the cushions are removedn one tv smaller than the ones in the one bedroom suiten kitchenette small refrigerator coffee maker sink . can not do any major cookingnnothern business center . free internet access . only three terminals available for use . always a line to use terminals though . n small rooftop pool . max pool area capacity is 30 people . closes at 5pm for kids and 10pm for those 18. max pool depth was 3.5 feet . really cold water.n kiddie pool on ground floor in the back of the hoteln six elevators for towers 1 and 2 three for tower 3. must use keycard every time you go up . if going down to the lobby no keycard is required.n parking underground and in fenced off parking lot . valet parking available . need parking permit . front desk will give you one if you ask.n infrequent room cleaning . only occurred once during our 7day stay . however cleaning staff does come by every day to collect trash and replace the towels.n fitness area but i hear its not freen hotel has designated smoking floors but hotel not laced with smoken wifi not free and didnt appear fast . hotel still  wirelessb routers.n room service not offered through hotel . instead offered through offsite partner . minimum purchase required . must order enough food for two people.n front lobby has autoplaying piano . not too many places to sit down though.n convenience store on the ground level . turn left after walking past the fountain in the front lobby walk towards the side entrance  the six elevator cluster then make a left.nnnow onto our experience and the reasons why i only gave the hotel two starsn arrived on a friday around 5pmish . 6 employees checking people in . line was slow . 40 minutes just to get to the front desk and we were 4th in line.n since we stayed in this hotel on a timeshare they did ask us if we wanted to do a 3hour tour around the hotel . prize was 3 free tickets to a bunch of shows no one has even heard of . said no to this.n after getting the cards for the two rooms not connected at first we headed up to the one bedroom suite but couldnt gain access to the room . turned out that it was already checked out to another couple.n went to check out the studio . boy was it small when the bed is out of the wall there is a 2.5 foot gap between the  of the bed and the tv.n my  and his wife finally arrived from california . took them up to the studio and couldnt get in . turned out that one of the keycards was never activated . n finally got into our one bedroom suite . nothing really wrong with the room but found out that the one bedroom suite and the studio are connected via a door that is supposed to be locked . our connecting door was partly unlocked.n door was locked in that we couldnt gain access but anyone in the studio could gain access . luckily the studio was vacant . so we traded that connecting studio for the one we originally checked out.nnfor all our troubles the hotel gave us a 25 voucher to be used in the store on the ground level.nn recommend doing a room inventory check . theres a checklist in one of the kitchenkitchenette cabinets . first day we quickly found several items missing . hotel policy for the items is based on the honor system . they assume nothing will be taken . cleaning staff just told us to make sure all the appliances were still there.n checkout is at  . get down to the front  a little bit before then . line here too . fee for late checkout pretty steep.nnone final note apparently this hotel is included with other hotels that are a part of diamond resorts . all hotels included by diamond resorts are rated 4 stars however polo towers is rated 3 stars . i dont know how  towers got included but i may have a clue as to how they lost their one star . would we consider staying at this hotel on a future vacation to vegas probably not .
__label__neg 4  ago i thought this place was a joke.nwho would spend so much money to  such crap its  and cheap . nnow it seems like everyone  this and its  to be knocked down and turned into   . nwait for its reincarnation .
__label__neg so i went on priceline which btw is another  issue because when you buy package deals from them they dont let you pick the time or day you  to come in . anyways back to the crappy hotel that is the excalibur . it wasnt just the fact it was cheap looking and smelled like your grandmas house that has 20 cats and smoke a pack a day it was the customer service the lack of housekeeping and the overly  rooms that are not worth your money . my sister and i stayed for four days and not once did our room get cleaned . my sister left a mark on the sheets to see if they would be switched the next day and sure enough they were never switched . on top of that the lights went out and they wanted to  me 130 to extend my check out for 2 hours . the customer service is horrific especially for a vegas hotel . i get the hotel is old and everything but come on people have some pride . my sister lost her phone and asked customer service and the lady was so rude to her and just said im sorry but i didnt see a phone without even looking . so my sister  to the manager and complains about the rudeness and also about her phone  enough the phone was in lost and foundnnpeople even if your looking for a cheap reasonable hotel ... dont even waste your money . stay at the luxor which is nicer and reasonable and actually give a shit about their 
__label__pos oh excalibur oh sweeet sweet excalibur . how i love you so.nni am enamored by your hallways they make me feel  and warm . i love your laydown pool areas . your exterior ... simply stunning  at night . forget the naysayers i love my minidisney for adults . the room was comfortable . but please my love i wish you had better shows to  from . as much as i liked the australian beegees i  not righteously see myself watching horses and revues . a comedy show a play perhaps i  hope that you will one day bring a nightclub that i can enjoy i love your spaciousness and your great selection of slots . not to mention your craps with better odds . what draws me closer to you is your  court and i admire your  .  cold stone krisy kreme under one roof a most brilliant concept yes i certainly do not mind your arcade as i go in there to a get a fix now and then . i appreciate your outdoor and indoor connections to other hotels . but you are the chief you are my buddy.nnthis is my love letter ... just for you .
__label__neg the only reason i am not annoyed at the inability to give zero stars is because we did enjoy the soaking tub and the fun dungeon . also we saw a show at nyny and went over there for shopping and the roller coaster which was convenient.nnfirst of all the time share people are  aggravating accosting you at every turn.nni normally stay elsewhere . its difficult to find rooms with soaking tubs just by going to websites you have to call from one place to another to find them half the time and even then they are not plentiful or the rooms are well over a grand for 3 nights . the hotel we normally stay at does have them but they were sold out for the weekend i did book  weeks in advance of that type of room and we wanted that treat otherwise we probably would have stuck with what we knew.nnweve gone to the excalibur before on multiple occasions because we like dicks last resort and weve also gone to the tournament of kings . so for about 600 dollars we spent 3 nights nnthankfully we didnt spend a whole heck of a lot of time in our room.nnonly one of my issues is something completely out of the control of the hotel and that would be the noise . weve never stayed in a room facing the strip before and we were on the corner in tower 2 so there was traffic loud motorcycles sirens from ambulances and police as well as screaming from the roller coaster this stopped around midnight though thankfullynnenjoying the roller coaster and listening to it whenever your in your room for any period of time can become annoyingnnour room was the farthest room from the elevator so all the way across the casino then all the way back to the very end of the hall in tower 2. this may be because the room had a soaking tubnnour room was ... . a shambles . here is the description of what our room professes to be snippets from the actual description on their sitenn contemporary superior room reign in this beautiful room . soaking tub and luxurious bathroom featuring granite counter tops . highspeed internet access.nncontemporary means updated doesnt it this room had a thin blanket that was not really big enough for a king bed with  sleeping in it and a thin duvet more like a sheet covering it i shouldnt have to crank up the heat because i was given a beggars blanket . but the cover over the thin blanket seemed to be the newest thing in the room . nnthe wallpaper was peeling badly in some places the tiles in the bathroom were so chipped it looked like someone spilled dirt all over and then didnt bother to sweep it up the wallpaper had obvious patches in it and then was painted over if this room was updated why wasnt the wallpaper torn down and the room painted its so easy and makes a huge difference the door stop behind the bathroom door was falling out the chairs by the table were threadbare the table itself was gouged and deeply scratched which was made worse by the fact that it was painted black so every scuff made it look cheap and neglected and there was also a broken cover plate to the plug receptacle.nni was so disgusted i took pictures of all of the things that were tangible . nnother issues i hadnnthe internet being included in your resort fee being only via ethernet is very outdated and misleading i brought an ipad i couldnt use that internet . also the cord didnt even reach the bed youd have had to drag a threadbare chair over and sat right next to the dresser where the ethernet cord was  . there was wireless but it was in the lobby . who uses ethernet in a hotelnnthe tiling was  in the bathroom this isnt something easily fixed just another testament to how shoddy the entire place was.nnthe window shade by the tub was broken completely so you couldnt look out that window while in the bath this is a simple and cheap fix just like the cover plate would have beennnthe clover tub was ok but there was a little plastic sign sitting near the tub not stuck or screwed in or  giving instructions on how to use the jacuzzi and what all the knobs meant but it was a clover tub not a jacuzzi there was only hotcold not a complaint but still misleading.nnin the halls there was graffiti on lighting fixtures i only took a picture of one but we saw several and huge dark scuffs on the wall paper in the halls.nnanother thing that really bothered me was ive never been bugged by security before in a casino ever and neither has my guy but there was someone being loud and belligerent with a security guard as we were heading out somewhere and i dont know what it was about but he was drunk and it was unsettling.nni will never stay here again . we will come back for dicks last resort because that place is awesome but for the price i  just for an oversized tub in our room it was absolutely not worth it.nnthe valets and bellmen were very nice .
__label__neg spend the  money to  in a hotel  then a place that smells  from the second you walk in the door . there is no good amenities rom  is only open breakfast and lunch to be honest i really have  good to  about the  this is my first time staying here but i come to vegas at least once a month for the last 5 years and havent had a worse experience . ps there is no wifi
__label__neg not a fan . i knew going in that it wasnt going to be luxury from the price but it  was not enjoyable to stay there . the room was standard but the bed was super uncomfortable with no comforter just a  that felt like a curtain and we had a view of the roof . the room reminded me of my grandmas house . i  the 20 trick and it did not work ha i put 20 in between my credit card and id and asked if there were any complimentary upgrades available . the man said well you can upgrade your room for a fee and then handed my 20 back and said i could  him that as a tip afterwards . so i said no thanks . also there is someone trying to sell you something every 30 feet it became unbearable to simply walk in and out of the hotel and our 20  and food credit was only available to use at the bar or the incredibly overpriced steakhouse . theres also no wifi anywhere what  of a vegas hotel doesnt have wifi in 2014 overall just a  experience .
__label__neg no wifi on top floors   a laptop to whook up to internet via eather net cable who the hell  laptops anymore  ... toilet took 2  2 fill up before  again ... .very out dated and  feeling hotel ... wont 
__label__pos  this is one of a chain of similar restaurantbreweries its none the worse for that . the beer is  if a little bland and the  is great . we also visited on a sunday afternoon which was jazz  and felt a  like  meat for the  ladies there
__label__neg we have been stein club members for years and have had really positive experiences in the past with gordon biersch . we have  stein club and passport parties as well as classes with brewmaster lovelady . we loved all that . unfortunately all good things apparently must come to an end . we have  a decline in the quality of service food and beer over the past year or so . we have visited less and  because of it . tonight may be the last night we ever go there . the food was terrible . we had appetizers which were featured . the fried onion stack tasted worse than fried onions in a can .. like they were triple dropped in the fryer . there was no onion in there at all as far as i could tell ... the filet mignon sliders were supposed to be 2 ounces ... well if they were a  an ounce that is generous . they were tasteless and smelled  old  . the brats were tasteless . the pretzel roll was probably the best thing we ate ... and thats not saying much . even the mustard was tasteless and old tasting . we have always loved the beer but this evening even the beer was bad . the maibock was flat and tasted turned . the pilsner was underwhelming and also flat ... far beneath our prior experience . happy hour prices for beer went up and no one informed us of that . we complained to the manager who pretended to care and do something or another on the register but when it came time to pay the bill ... which took forever to get ... . nothing had been done to compensate us for the terrible service terrible beer and terrible food . it was abysmal in every possible way . we have always been good customers and good tippers . they have lost good customers tonight . if this was the first time we  have ignored one  experience but this has been a long time coming over the past year or so . sorry . no more . or no mas .
__label__pos this pizza  the spot tastier and  than most of the recommended  pizza joints on the  . a  on the greasy  but nothing a napkin couldnt  . cant beat this  .
__label__neg meh . ive experienced better.nnpaid full price to take myself and the two kids which on reflection would have been better spent staying at the pinball museum.nnit was nice to be allowed to touch the figures which made getting photos  but the the lighting is so bad its almost impossible to get a good pic . i noticed quite a number of the figurines were  maybe the  to  policy has a draw back nnin summary the two kids ages 8 and 10 loved it they  liked the 4d marvel movie which i was just sadly disappointed in the animation . i  it was overpriced and a  of time .
__label__pos this place is wonderful     . a must     .
__label__pos mojito  and yummy tapas one of the  bday dinners  i  the baconwrapped dates i was very skeptical but damn ... so  dont  the grilled potatoes
__label__pos firefly is one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas and i love their food and sangria soo much . i havent really tried anything from their menu that i dislike and i love it favorite dishes  dates tuna tartare   manchego mac n cheese lobster escargot camerones a la diabla croquetas the  sliders ... basically everything . but i have to give this location one star off because its near the strip so its super crowded and as a result the service can be a little  . also there are a number of sketchy characters in the parking lot one guy  up to my car to  me for money another one yelled at my husband and called him a heathen.nnbut they are open later than the other locations which is good for me and my late night tendencies and its firefly so  super yummy .
__label__neg my friends  this spot because all the other hotels were full and ultra ultra expensive for some  . we speculated well the olympics do open that weekend ... no that cant be it . i dont think the  have much to do with vegas . how bout evo uhh i dont think there are that many nerds going and i dont think its that big of an event ... its at the tropicana for goodness sakes nnit was only when we were going down the superpacked strip that it dawned  me . oh my gosh its chinese super lucky day 8808 ughhh what an influence us hardcore chinese gamblers have over vegas . first the mgm lion thing and now this.nnanyway on with the review . im not really sure what the theme of this hotel is . from my guess its probably something to do with new orleans and mardi gras . after all we did stay in the mardi gras tower . but then theres a toby keith honkytonk bar downstairs . the elevator arrangement of this place is hotel is rather  and at first it was really hard to  out the optimal route to our room.nnspeaking of the  it was tiny there was hardly any walking space between and around the 2 queen beds . and the bathroom was the smallest vegas bathroom i have ever been in . im not even exaggerating . and a cot set us back 30 per night . i dont reckon id stay here again .
__label__neg the only good things about this hotelcasino are that it is cheap and it has a great location on the strip . the rooms were quaint meaning really old . although i requested a nonsmoking room they gave me a room that reeked of cigarettes . i asked for another room and they shoehorned me into a  shoebox of a room  to the emergency exit . it really felt like the room doubled as an interrogation cell . i asked for another room and they  gave me a room that didnt smell like an ashtray and i  turn around without slamming into something . i know they have renovated deluxe rooms but i have the  suspicion that theres one model room on the top floor  for the few vips willing to venture to harrahs . the truly sad thing is that ill probably go back there because it really is cheap ...  .
__label__pos any time i go las vegas and want to stay on the strip harrahs is the hotel i  . the location of harrahs is excellentright in the middle of the  . the rooms are nice clean comfortable and the price is very reasonable . harrahs is not too big so you dont have to walk a mile to get out of the hotel .  the hotel there are tons of places to eat inexpensively . for the room choice i often ask for the one in carnival tower which is away from the noisy carnival court . all deluxed rooms are  so they are all good . i used to stay in madi gras tower a few times no  with the noise either but some  its noisy . anyway the  in madi gras tower are a bit smaller then those in carnival tower . if youre not looking for a very luxurious hotel just a hotel with  clean comfortable room and lively atmosphere then i think you wont be disappointed with harrahs .
__label__neg there are too many good competitively  hotels to choose this onenwe  in  for a november arrival since we  specific room accommodations for a handicapped guests situation . not only was our request denied  arrival it was  in a terribly rude manner . in fact not only were there no handicapped accommodations available we were not  placed on the same floornstay away if you have  standard requirements .
__label__pos friendly service beautiful contemporary decor and tasty food at a very reasonable price what more can you ask fornnkeep in mind i generally dont write reviews unless i am really compelled to do so hence this is only my second review on here.nnbefore our drive out to vegas with about 15 friends we contemplated on where we should eat . as you know the strip has no shortage of restaurants and to be honest we always go food hunting in vegas with two notions in mind any decent restaurant is pricey and the food is not the greatest . after all you are in the middle of the desert rightnna  highly recommended spago so we decided to give them a call and make the reservation . upon  we literally stepped one foot into the restaurant and headed straight to our seats . this wouldnt be a big deal normally but the restaurant was packed and normally you wait forever in vegas . the  was immaculate and our servers were very quick to ask us what beverages we would like . alcohol of course  on the rocks.nnthey bring around a bread tray for you to select from four different types of breads all very soft and flavorful along with a plate with four spreaddipping options . very nice attention to detail . we ordered some appetizers to begin with the oysters were fabulous and so was the sweet fig flat bread wownnnow on to the main courses . there is an entree on this menu for every palette . if you like slow cooked beef that melts in your mouth go with the red wine braised   rib beef . the filet mignon also looked hearty and tasty . being that it is a wolfgang restaurant a buddy of mine couldnt help but to order their sausage plate which he killed and cleared the plate . they also offer spaghetti and some asian fusion dishes which i tried the bean curd noodles and they were money nnthe servers were very attentive the food came out nice and  and on time . the general manager michael schwarz came by and made sure our needs were all met in which case we did not hesitate to  him for such a great time . he really has that place running smooth and we wont hesitate to go back or recommend this place to all of our friends . nnthank you michael and the crew
__label__neg normal makeup application with an appointment is 50 and you get a   . if you do not have an appointment there is a 50 product fee . i called to get an appointment on october 27 and because this is the weekend before halloween they  to  70 and you have to  a gift card . i  that was  . i will not be booking at  .
__label__pos     entru00e9es and very  
__label__neg date 06192014nni went cafe santa  now dba cafu00e9 pan for breakfast in the food court of venetian ... nn6.50 eggcheese croissantn2.75 small coffeen0.75 tax nni hardly tasted the cheese on my breakfast  . only thing i liked is that they served  coffee.nnp.s . i was reviewing my credit  statement and wondered when did i  make a purchase at chow baby but then i realized  baby was the bbq stand next to the cafe .
__label__neg okay i understand that las vegas being the west coast symbol of american  opulence and luxury and all probably means that everything is going to be much more expensive than your wallet is used to but 5.50 for a scoop of below average gelato is treason . nnafter trying  i refused to let myself be robbed blind by cocolinis . nntheir pistachio flavor didnt even  like pistachio it tasted more like mint perhaps cross contamination i dont think so since pistachio was no where near any mint flavors . their lemon and strawberry flavors were way too artificially sweet . i have a heavy  that they use flavoring syrups especially of the  fructose variety in more than gratuitous amounts in their gelato . nnits a good thing everyone who eats at cocolinis is a tourist because this  wouldnt last a minute with an actual nontransient  base to  .
__label__neg terrible coffee . like   . my friends  leches   . and it  a good view of the cheesy  at the venetian .
__label__pos i was in vegas and of course i had to visit this  . im  seen such a fine variety of the highend athletic gear . there was basically everything you would need and in many different  too . i am  describing any other  but there are little exhibits you can look at throughout the store they had some of the latest pro combat football uniforms of  schools in glass displays if youre a big college football fan like me . you will love  here esp . if youre an oregon  lebron or kevin durant fan .
__label__neg oh god this place . nnthis place holds so many fond memories for me during my childhood what has happened to you my beloved circus circusnnprosnit holds a lot of memories for me as already stated.nthe  bar.nbesides shopping the stratosphere tower  the rollercoasters at new yorknew york and sahara and a small arcade here and there this is pretty much the only thing left for kids on the strip . nnconsnthere  seems to be anything new . not very exciting at all anymore.nvery lowquality restaurants.nmiddleofnowhere locationnot really their fault though more the fault of stupid entrepreneurs who must  up everything in sight instead of being resourceful and using whats already there for their project.ndesperately in need of a remodel.nncircus circus is one of the few old school places left and one of the only things left for kids . i would love to take my kids here if i  have any that is if it didnt have the potential to make them cry from how  it is . please you guys need to do something . its not what it  to be at all but it holds too many  for me to handle it if it were gone forever .
__label__neg see her before she blows ow wait she already does nni went to this hotel because it was the cheapest hotel close enough to the strip at a reasonable price granted we didnt do alot of investigating before we went here so that was pretty much our fault . so in the end it boiled down to price and enough available rooms . we checked in after having reserved our room on the drive towards vegas upon getting there we were automatically turned off by this hotels overall presence . the parking was confusing and there was no one to guide us through the maze in which we found ourselves driving . finally we parked in this industrial mall style parking structure and checked in . we were forced t wait as our rooms were being cleaned and 20 mins later we were given our keys and told what elevator to take apparently our party was split 4 of us were forced into a smoking room more like smoking floor it was truly horrific that was just about soaked in smoke it was as if the maid had forgot to use air sprays either that or the smoke was so strong the spray didnt even stand a chance . our other party was on another floor only accessible through its own separate elevator . that alone was a huge inconvenience we ended up going back and forth several  until we had had enough . we complained and eventually  and a half days into our 3 day weekend our both partys were placed on the same smoking floor . apparently non smoking rooms are requested more as it is a hotel geared more towards those with kids . as if that was not bad enough the view from the room was horrific all you see is the sad gray roof down below of and the parking  in the distance . the hallways had missing segments of the ceiling which showed off the buildings rusting water pipes . which only deterred us from drinking any of the tap water or from showering in excess . nnas for the amenities seeing as how i was 20 when i went on this trip i was not allowed to enjoy the gambling experience while in vegas therefore i can not really comment on this . however my friends that did end up gambling at the hotel said it was whatevers the drinks were  on the light side and the games just didnt seem lucky . on the opposite end of the casino level lies the the buffet now no vegas hotel would be complete without a buffet and the circus circus is no different however dont go into the buffet expecting a 5 star gourmet dining experience in fact dont even  a 2 star dining experience . overall the food choices were varied from american cuisine to italian to even mexican however the quality was about as great as any home town buffet and if youve ever been to one you know what i mean . the food lacked flavor and was designed for a bland american palate my friends had to cover their food in salsa and salt just to  it worth eating . if you do decide to eat here go during breakfast as it seems to be when they serve their better prepared options . yet how difficult is it to scramble an egg and heat up some premade sausage not very id assume . nnin the end the circus circus is a good hotel to see if your traveling with children . its also great if you want to see an old classic before the dynamite is called in . however do not fear when that day does come there are still plenty of great hotels id suggest for parents mandalay bay excalibur or treasure island all 3 themed hotels offer afew more options then circus and arent as aged . as for booking plan in advance and seek out promotional offers online found 3 when i got back  which could have saved us about 112.00 each room ... ..darn also always request non smoking rooms close to each other or gathering your party might end up a daily rusense . the buffets okay in the morning and around brunch time but avoid the  menu its your chance to sample what you missed if you would have stayed at the hard rock great food awesome adult atmosphere . in the end i can not recommend this decrepit old building . the whole stay felt very depressing and the staff came off unfriendly and uncaring really . getting an extra 30 mins to leave our room was a huge issue they wanted to charge for an additional day on both rooms . if your staying here id recommend booking someplace else this hotel is on its way out the door . ow and its not even that close to the strip about something like 12 miles away . walking from circus to mandalay bay was grueling and in the end we were forced to get a taxi .
__label__neg i traveled over to circus circus to meet up with a friend and checkout the casino . when i say traveled i mean traveled . we stayed at the tropicana and even though we  on the tram train thing we still had to walk walk and walk some more before arriving at the big top . it looks pretty cool enough on the outside i mean you have the shiny lights and the vegas fixings . nwhen you walk through the doors things change up a bit . i felt like i had walked into an  fair grounds . there were kids everywhere . i guess they are the product of what  in vegas stays in vegas . nwe watched one on the circus acts . the act had a bunch of very  men pouncing around in leopard   . the act was really good . that was really about all i liked about the big top . na visit to circus circus was enough for me . i dont think i would want to actually stay . its so far from all the fun things in las vegas . when you leave circus  you feel dirty and you didnt even get to have fun getting dirty .
__label__neg this place is a dump . nni hate to have to be negative but i feel like i should warn people . here is why.nnyou will save money initially but it costs 25 each way to get to the top of the strip at mandalay bay . you figure 2 round trips a day and thats an extra 100  day to save a buck and stay at the most disgusting hotel in vegas . nnthe air quality is so horrendous  our lungs were wheezing until we could get out into fresh air.nnnothing is  and did i mention it smells like farts and cigarettes everywhere.nnthere is nothing around this hotel casino except empty abandoned construction  and homeless drug addict transients.nnnone of us felt safe walking to our  alone.nnthis place should be condemned it is a health code violation.nni could barely see out my  it was sooooo dirtynnthere was a pubic hair on the glass table in our room.nni had to pay 50 cents every time i wanted to lock the safe in my room.nnthe buffet is gross and  . if you want to eat anything thats descent off you go in a cab for 25 bucks to the top of the strip.nnending this review on a positive note all the staff were kind of nice but when i told them that my impression of the hotel was that it was really dumpy and smelled like parmesan cheese cigarette fart pie they just stared at me and told me they were repainting it soon nnsave your health and your money and dont stay here
__label__neg nasty first impressions parking ... .horrible no spots traffic tie ups small  narrow isles in the garage . my advice if you have to stay here use valet . its free just have to tip.nnline for check in was long but moved pretty fast . staff was very nice and friendly . the lobby and hallways are hot . feels like theres barely any air.nnits an old hotel really needs updating badly . were staying in the skyrise towers . room 28713.nnour rooms ... .disgusting theres ripping wallpaper  on the walls marks on the door hair in the mighty small blow dryer . the room is old and outdated . no coffee maker no fridge no nothing . nnbeds are old pillows are small only 2 on each bed . i havent toured the rest of the hotel yet but at this time i just want to leave its disgusting the shower was a  of water i couldnt even shower properly . beware also the ac is loud works great but i cant hear the tv over it.nnthe restaurants and food arent much better . no  in the hotel but there is a krispy kreme . bought a milk for my daughters from there along with some donuts to bring back to the room . donuts were great the milk was bad i just dumped it.nnwe did go to the buffet . awful dont waste the money i can get better food going to golden corral . the place was clean but not worth the price go elsewhere.nnspend the extra money  to get something better i wish i did . circus circus is so far away from everything else on the strip youll have to drive or take a can to get to anything . the monorails dont even go out that far.nnoh ... dont expect your cell phones to have much signal either most areas even with verizon i only had 1x if i was lucky.nnthe only  thing about this place is adventure dome . great for the kids lots of rides and games decent  . mine had a blast . is come back for the shows and adventure dome but would never stay here again .
__label__pos  dinner on   072213. the  enjoy their  very much . had the chicken chow main very tasty . overall everything was good . at this restaurant you can have either chinese or sushi . didnt try the sushi this time around .
__label__neg worst hotel ever . nni stayed this past weekend and i can honestly say this is the worst place i have ever paid money for . i would rather sleep in my car then endure this wreck again . nnnight 1 there was rain and the power went out in the hotel . we stayed in pure darkness without anything but our cell phones giving us light . we had to leave immediately by the time we came back at 3am still no power therefore we had to shower in pitch black darkness no ac so it was disgustingly hot . i cant believe they refused to refund us anything for such an inconvenience . nnday two dont expect to enjoy a late night in vegas because the cleaning lady  bright and early banging on your door at 9am . we spoke to the front desk and they agreed that we will have our room cleaned later in the day . they never came . better yet to say our room was only  and cleaned  time out of our 4 day stay . nnday 3 the cleaning women doesnt even knock on our door at 9 am . she opens the door and then manages to  housekeeping while shes already inside the room without our  while were  laying in bed . nni would  recommend this place ever . find something better if you really want to enjoy your vacation . i regret staying at this hotel so much
__label__pos love the feeling  give me . brings me  to when i lived in hawaoo .  lightened up with the quickness.nni started off with the layered pina  . and best  freeze i ever had immediately ocurred . amaazing.nnto feel like a non fatass i started with the tropical salad w mixed greens and veggies and all that bs.. and the chicken by itself was superbiliciousnnwasnt enough so i ordered my fat ass a burger with extra bacon . bada bingnnoh i  the vibe here but i def hate myself after i get out everytimennmust start with the layered pina coladannmust try tropical salad this by itself is enough for the faint stomached
__label__pos ive eaten at this restaurant a couple of times and there food is pretty good overall . i like the theme of the place ... makes me feel like im on a tropical island . i absolutely love their bathrooms ... i feel bathrooms say a lot about a restaurant . they were very clean nicely decorated full size doors for every stall big size stalls and they have mouth  with  cups so you can be minty fresh as you leave.nnthe foodnnlobster and shrimp quesadilla it was good but i imagined something different so it was tasty but i felt it was missing a bit more flavor . glad i tried it but ill probably go with something else next time.nnseafood chowder that was delicious had a good amount of shrimp and vegetables and was creamy i loved it.nncobb salad it was big and came with the   but ive had better cobbs in my life . nncoconut shrimp mmm ... mmm ... mmm ... a must if you eat at this restaurant . perfectly fried and packed with flavor.nnchocolate pineapple cake i dont like chocolate but i do  pineapple and this  called to me . it was warm rich and melted in my mouth . i suggest sharing because its very  ... i  a glass of water when i finished . nnthey have a large menu so theres something for everyone and they have a good selection of tropical alcoholic drinks .
__label__pos our evening didnt start here my husband and i were out to take my  to  for her 18th  she decided on  of japan do not go here the service is horrible . needless to say we ended up at bahama breeze we were seated in the area where there have some steel drums set up and a gentleman playing on them.nnwe were greeted by our server ivan who was awesome ...  lobster and shrimp  and  sandwiches ... oooh and the  pina colada
__label__pos went here last night with my boyfriend . we are slightly new to las vegas and i was really craving a burger..like from chilies or somewhere like that but we neeeed to be trying new places i remebered driving by bahama breeze and hearing good things about it from people . we sat in the bar and we were gon na  a drink but because it was 106degrees outside ... we  up drinking down lots and lots of water . i went for the portabellomanchanga cheese burger and he went for the cuban sandwich which made me happy so we  share . i usually lovve any and most syles of the cuban sandwhich . i skipped fries and went for the black bean soup as my side which was actually delish they put a splash of some yummy green salsa on top that made this soup  . i did try my boyfreinds fris and they were ok nothing too special but average and tasty . the burger was good the mushroom and cheese mix on top was awesome it was very messy tho and i had to cut it in half of course as my his sandwhich came out cut in half and verrry bit . i enjoyed my sandwhich i just hate when it falls all apart and is all over the place because then i am not getting the full effect of the flovors together . i was eying his sandwhich and finally took a bite i was not impressed at all ... .it was slightly dry and was in need of a special mustard of some kind honey spicy..something.. it might of had some mayo on it but it just tasted dry the bread was ok ... it was more of a mixed meat pannini sandwhich if you ask me . he did enjoy it but mainly because he was dipping it in his ranch . i actually brought half of it for lunch to work today added some   and it was pretty good . the decore in this place is fun reminds me of rain forest cafe . i would say it is an affordable familyfriendly place that is ok for the food . our server was great no issues there . i did see the happy hour menu and will for sure go in for that some time soon but probably just that ... 12 off apps . and cheap  drinks . i think it is only sunthurs though . i am looking forward to hitting the happy hour but think it is more of a familyfriendly place with ok food and funky fishjungle decore .
__label__pos so to start things off my husband is active  air force and were required to go through the base hospital for just about everything unless referred elsewhere . last night i took my daughter to the base  and ended up being transferred over to sunrise childrens hosp because they couldnt give her the care she needed at the base . we  by ambulance transfer at sch and immediately got great care and  . the staff at sunrise is amazing and caring and wonderful and if you ever need to have your child in a  its the place to go our first nurse sunny was sweet and kind and really did a great job getting us settled in at 4am . robin our 2nd nurse was also very kind and sweet and did an amazing job . dr. hendrickson who  my daughters procedure was beyond accommodating with our million questions and did such a fabulous  . all in all our 24hr stay at sunrise was nothing less than fantastic and i hope that if in the future my children need hospitalization that sunrise is where we go thank you to all the  staff that took such great care of my girl
__label__neg if i could  0 stars i  . this place is not worth a cent of your  even if you are strapped for cash . mcdonalds is better than this place . food was gross service  and the place stunk so bad . do not eat here im scared to even know how  this place even is . i could see  getting sick from the food here . clean bowls are dirty . clean plates were  . this place is a  .
__label__neg the first time i went i was very satisfied . the second time i went it seemed that the prices had been raised and it just wasnt as good as i remembered it being . the atmosphere is cool but the menu is  of  considering the service and the food . the best part about it all is the wine  that is free with dinner so i dont know if you can really call it free or not . the old  with the accordion is a really  scam he pretends hes  to play a  song for you but never actually finishes one and the proceeds to linger for his tip . the  time i used the no eye contact strategy so that he wouldnt come bothering my table for money . everyone pretended to be busy or on the phone
__label__pos whenever i need a dose of hawaii i can always come here and stock up on all the yummy treats i used to enjoy when i lived there.ni was just there recently for some  and of course  covered mac nuts . i had to buy a bag of the sea salted  a well.noh..cant walk past the guava    that as wellnthese stores are everywhere in  and i am glad there are a few here .
__label__pos my first and only trip to benihanas served as the reception to a friends wedding . we had about 25 people in our party but they were expecting us so it wasnt much of a wait . at first we all gathered in a very chill bar at the front  . plenty of  and low lighting make it comfortable . we filled up  huge tables . the service took a while but it was a busy saturday night and given our huge group i give it a pass . on to the food.nnyou  have heard from your friends et al about the benihanas gimmick . after you place an order a chef comes out to your table and makes it all right in front of you on tabletop grills . sure enough thats what happens and the chefs also have a little standup  going to add to the showmanship . it actually made it very fun . certainly beats sitting around for a half hour for your food . i had the chicken hibachi . the early  include soup and salad nothing special and your choice of shrimp or veggies . i went for the shrimp because id never had shrimp before . i know i know to tell you the truth it was kinda bland . the chicken on the other hand was incredible . add a little bit of teriyaki and youll be loving it.nnthe pricing is high but not astronomical . i paid about 30 bucks for my meal which is among the cheaper items . the  alcoholic drinks are overpriced for what you get so maybe just stick with a coke or beer . the motif of the restaurant is  some japanese village with fountains and such all around . all in all not a bad place to celebrate with friends or to take a date .
__label__neg i hate to say it but this mall is kind of ghetto . the layout is  bizarre and depending on which side you enter youd never know about the other side if you didnt look at a map and just decide to  . the stores are really  special and if you seek high end stores youre better off hitting the strip . whats really weird is the womens stores in theretheyre  plus sizes clubby looking stuff or  hooker uniforms . there is also a macys jc  and sears . three stores i never buy anything from anyway . there is however a cinnabon and i   ... .
__label__pos i happened to come across kiesub while trying out the bbq place next door . when i walked in i was like a kid in a candy store . leds hand tools shrink wrap ... the selection in the showroom was quite  . they also carried all sorts of transformers . if youve got a need for an   with specific output ... check here . nnpricing seems to be slightly towards the  side ... for example i can get   tape in all the colors cheaper elsewhere . but sometimes you need it amazon isnt fast enough and its good to know kiesub  . i will be back .
__label__neg never again despite the nice atmosphere.nnmaggianos across from the wynn corner of fashion show drive and las vegas blvd is nearby and much much better in  waynncanaletto was my choice for our valentines day dinner . the setting in the faux venetian square is very nice . we had a late lunch at their bar a few months before and liked the lunch fare . however the dinner  was severely disappointing.nn  reservation service . we were running about 20 minutes late for our 430  reservation . i called the restaurant 30 minutes before our scheduled reservation and told them we were running about 20 minutes late . i was informed that our reservation would be canceled if we were 15 minutes late . not a common practice but it was valentines day so fair enough . i imagined that they were overbooked and trying to squeeze everyone in . we rushed through getting out of the hotel my lady still finishing up in the taxi . we rushed the taxi driver . we practically ran through the palazzo . we got there exactly 15 minutes late . the place was empty . yes we were rushed to get there by the restaurant only to find that we could have just walked up and gotten a table needless to say we were not happy and not a great way to start the evening . in addition during the entire 2 hours we were there the restaurant was never more than 50 full nn out of dessert . its valentines day . what is one of the favorite  on this day chocolate for dessert we ordered the dark chocolate mousse . 5 minutes later we were informed that they were out . keep in mind that this was at 6pm . the restaurant was 40 full and it was early in the evening . simply no excuse for this . there were no other  desserts on the menu . we went to godiva . nn food was 2 stars . nothing to write home about . the risotto was over salted . the  was over cooked and dry . the calamari was so rubbery and tasteless that it might as well have been  tread . the rest of the meal was just ok. definitely more olive garden than what you would expect .
__label__pos damn.. this guy really know how to make great hotels ... and the one with his name on it is freakin awesome..nni was lucky to stay here for one comped night and i must say the standard room is  ... it had a 52 lcd flat panel with adjustable wall mount ... the most plush pillows i have ever squeezed ask my about my wynn pillow story ... and the bed felt so soft ... its equivalent to being dipped in vat of cool creamy  on a  day ... or even better its like wallowing in a bed of silky smooth rose petals ... sigh ... nnthe amenities are immaculate ... the service ready and willing ... and the  fit for james bond ... if i only had the money to play high end stakes poker than my stay would have been complete ... nnthey have a wonderful night waterfall show on an outdoor  centralized within the casino outdoors ... i didnt have time to explore too much considering you can just stay at one place in vegas the whole time but i would imagine the shopping and  to be exquisite ... nnof course all this grandeur  with a pretty penny ... seek your local travel agent for arrangements ... come stay at least one night ... you wont regret it ... nnyoull be leaving with a smile on your face or at least a grin when you visit this wonderful hotel by steve wynn ... nnrr
__label__pos wow this is the 406th review for wynn . am i that far behind when it comes to discovering new places haha . this place is definitely a fabulous 5star hotel but if you want to stay here and not break the bank then i suggest going online and bidding for your price . even for a aaa fivediamond award winner mobil fivestar and michelin fivestar hotel i dont think their basic rooms are worth the average 250night . why  the bank for a room that you barely spend time in and then have nothing to spend the rest of the weekend nnthe basic room at the wynn is pretty nice but not worth 250night . there are coral colored walls with huge flower prints framed in the rooms . they provide little slippers to wear and lush egyptian cotton robes for you in the closet . the bathroom has a spatub shower with sitting area   and chair and a heated lighted makeup mirror . theres a hair dryer provided qtips makeup cotton pads lotion and shampooconditioner . the soaps are pretty nice as theyre lemongrass scented . heyyyy ... i  the  water is chlorinated because no water turns that pretty shade of light blue in the tub . and you smell kind of chlorinelike and dry when you emerge from the tub . hmm.nnthe bed is not too soft but not too firm . all of the pillows are downor downlike . the 4045 inch flat screen tv is mounted on the wall but can rotate a full 90 degrees so you can watch tv in bed . theres a small seating area with a velour yellow love seat in the room and another desk with a fax phone and wifi set up . its definitely a spacious room . all the rooms at wynn have floor to ceiling windows and this is a definite plus make sure to ask for a nonsmoking room and a room higher than floor 20 for a good view . i would ask for a golfcourse view since the views facing the stripfashion  mall seem more noisy with the huge ipod commercials blaring through your windows . nnand the rest of the hotel ... ... ... ... its such a beautiful place .  of bright red carpets with butterflies on the ground . tons of mosaics on the walls and all the restaurants have thick textured drapery . you can tell wynn has gone one step beyond his bellagio creation to create a classy establishment . the shopping area is of course high end but the sales associates dont give you any attitude even if youre just in there browsing . overall 4 stars for the wynn
__label__neg seriously . go across the  to the palazzo or venetian.nni  at the palazzo for one night and wanted to  the  because of the reputation but it pales in comparison.nnthe rooms are much smaller the decor is  the lobby not as  and welcoming.nni got my room refunded and  back over to the palazzo .
__label__pos i wish there were some kind of annual las vegas  for stuff like best hangover  worst  etc . i would certainly give wynn the award for best urinal . nnwhy doesnt every casino use those urinal absorbtion pads to avoid the  occasional splash on your nice suit  i know the hard rock had them for a while but stopped ... travesty . nnthank you steve wynn thank you for providing the   in vegas
__label__neg its a nice hotel and not crowded like the cheaper ones on the  . i stayed in their  suites which are  to be the high end . it would be more believable if there werent 1015min waits for the few elevators available . i would never stay there again for just that reason alone although the horrible attitude encountered at every  and club didnt endear the place to me either . nnthe   is that you dont  what you pay for at the wynn .
__label__pos cashed in on the expedia save 300 deal and got a flight from lax to vegas and 1night at the wynn 100 resort credit for foodbev for 1.63. yep you read that correctly ... 1 dollar 63 cents.nnthe hotel itself wasnt too crowded for holiday season . checkin was smooth and painless . i was able to checkin at 9am even though the listed time is 3pm . very convenientnni stayed in a deluxe panoramic view room on the 59th floor . really i think its the 49th since the elevator skips  floor numbers . not sure whats going on there . the rooms are pretty nice and definitely have a luxurious feel . the decor was okay not really my style . no complaints at all about the room . the room  are actually pretty cool . make you you press all on when you walk into the room . most renos on the strip are adding those features.nnthe terrace pointe cafe at the wynn is pretty good . the sangria was reasonably priced and delicious.the mahi mahi tacos were awesome not too filling which was good since we were hitting the buffet later on.nnthe wynn buffet is one of the best on the strip . i still think the studio b buffet at the m resort spa casino in  beats the wynns buffet hands down and its cheaper .  it out.nnthe 24hour cafe is way overpriced . i got a turkeybrie sandwich for 10.50 which was smaller than a subway 6. im glad it was on the wynns tab.nnmy group showed up to blush lounge a little late 11 1130 and they tried to charge us full price 30 guys 20 girls as hotel guests . shady..no thanks . we  off and went to club moon at the  and had an great timennoverall my stay was  . free food free room free trip my total at checkout after the resort fee was about 40. however i probably wouldnt stay here on my next trip . ill probably checkout the newer properties like aria and the cosmopolitan . props to anyone else that got on that expedia deal
__label__pos awesome  clean modern furniture . super comfy beds immaculate decor . huge rooms and bathrooms . the casino is pretty steep and you cant find any tables with 25 less minimum bets but im sure thats what you will get at all the high end hotels in vegas . we  in a tower suite and were on the 9th floor . the view of the strip was  and the  was from floor to ceiling so it was nice once we got the drapes opened . everything is electronic and you could put on all the lights and open all drapes at the push of a button bathroom came with a huge tub and separate tiled shower two huge sinks with a vanity   for applying make up . i loved how the toilet was separated by a door so you could  ready while someone taking care of their own business nthe wynn definitely meets all expectations for a 5 star hotel in vegas and would recommended  to stay here if youre willing to drop some bills .
__label__neg this place is so  outside look is  . many halls and little rooms . you really need a map to get around or youd  up in totally wrong  like i did . nncatching  is challenging shuttle train thing is useless unless your destination is near the few stopsyet i cant find the entrance to  often nnthis isnt my  conventions ...
__label__pos we were pleasantly surprised with our experience at terribles hotel . the room rates were very reasonable the service was good the staff was friendly the room was clean the pillows were soft and awesome the pool was the perfect temperature the ac worked wonderfully the grounds were nicely landscaped it was nice to see that terribles is a familyfriendly hotel . the palm trees next to the pool shed and there was debris in the pool so it would have been nice if the  was  more  . my  who stayed with us wants everyone to know that the carpets in the hallways are dirty so they arent surprised when they  that . thats why we are giving 4 instead of 5 stars . overall we were very  with our experience and will definitely stay here again .
__label__pos i  to the hard rock cafe for the first time in my life   in vegas and i hella dig it here . the crowd around the bar are varied and  and the bartenders are insanely  . i must have been asked are you all  honey at least  times.nntheres a fantasmicshmastic mixed drink here called the pickled tink raspberry stoli  colada and grenadine . i had two . also their french fries cant be beat .
__label__neg what  to this place i used to go here when i was younger and remember it differently.nni got the goat cheese chicken salad sandwich . it had no flavor . the sandwich was too small for 13.50. it said on the menu it  with a side salad and fries but the server said i  only pick one or the other and i had to pay 2.25 for it i mean what the heck is up with that . i chose the smothered fries which had bacon and  on them . they were ok.nnmy man had the 10oz burger and he said the burger didnt have much flavor as well . the cost for that was 15.75 and they charged 3.75 for a side on onion rings with it . way too much money.nnwe decided to split a  and got the mini peanut butter pie and that cost 4.25. i have to say this was the best part of the meal.nnone perk is that if you have a nevada id you  15 off your bill which is cool but when the food isnt so tasty that doesnt seem like much of a perk .
__label__pos just dined here a week ago . nnseriously the best damn ribs youll   . nnmy  are still talking about the    ribs .
__label__neg  .     over    corn lame salad i think all good ratings are from the saturday steak dinner . only reason i would try again .
__label__neg this review is primarily for the cafe thats inside the casinonna small and dark casino which had more of a barlike atmosphere.nnin the back there is this small cafe thats open 24hrs a small   . the service was subpar our waitress got one side dish wrong took a while to get our drinks and was hard to flag down when we wanted our check . though this loud and picky table behind us was driving me nuts and probably making the waitress  crazy . the place was cramped with tables crowded against each other.nnordered the 7.99 filet steak deal . the meal came with the choice of beer or root beer . when asked if we could substitute the drink she said no not without a fee at least . really sigh aside from that great value also came with side salad and 2 sides . i ordered a texas burger 8.99 which only  with one side and no drink so my meal ended up costing more than the steak meal . its a largeportioned chili cheeseburger and was decent enough . should have got the steak ... nna good bang for your  foodwise . i was expecting more out of this place though as far as ambiance and service . if you do decide to dine here sign up for their players card other end of the casino and get  in free slot play for  members only .
__label__pos i walked over to this place specifically because of yelp reviews and it was worth it . na cold front had moved through the town and the walk over was cold as a witchs tit but when i walked in the place was warm the booths were old school dark  vinyl and the waiters and waitresses were there to serve you food . ni like attractive waitresses but theyre usually more busy trying to remember how to play a c chord for their  singer songwriter show that night or where they left their keys after they blacked out the night before . nthis  staff was cool . they were there to  food hot and quick . nnhad the chicken fried  and it was awesome huge portions served  hot crisp as can be came with some good sourdough rolls and delicious mashed potatoes . oh and really good root beer made at the brewery . and the prices made  . youre not paying 4 more bucks per plate just so you can say its on the stripnni realllly dig this low key  .
__label__neg what the hell yelpers i thought maybe the power of 4 stars and over 700  could compel me to love this place . but i couldnt get past how amazingly terrible this place was no matter how heavily intoxicated or hungover you are eating here will still be a mistake.nnnow dont get me wrong i came in here with a positive attitude . who wouldnt be excited for a legit meal that would cost me less than 10 especially in vegas so we wait about 45 minutes before were finally seated . while walking through the restaurant to the back portion to fit all 12 of us i noticed half of the place was empty . so i was unsure as to why we waited 45 minutes for a table .  i brushed that aside retaining my hope and ready for my 4 star meal . we all ordered the steak special . simple right well no because we waited an hour and a half for all our food . we were starving at this  . and when the food  came i just wanted to eat . except my  could barely cut through my steak . it was so well done that the slab of meat on my plate was just hot rubber . i managed to eat half of my meal because i  something to just keep my stomach as  . but i was definitely not satisfied . come to think of it i dont think anyone at our table was happy with their meal . some of my friends  went over the gas station next door to buy a bag of chips because of the emptiness ellis island left us with.nnwhats terrible here the service the food the wait the food . just disappointed all around . but hey have another star ellis island for being such an affordable place for people to come eat and gamble . just dont expect me to come around again .
__label__pos        ribs . excellent sides of baked beans and cole slaw . i ordered the combo ribs and chicken and the chicken was not very good . but the  are great . corn on the cob was just ok. service was excellent . everything here is cheap with your players card . great food and drink value .
__label__pos i absolutely love this seedy and cheap little  of circus  . this is the first place i gambled once i hit  and it was a  . cheap tables cheap slots and surprisingly good drink  . roulette was my favorite and i made about 30  not bad  the 2 buyin .
__label__neg the   a multimillion   ... uhnthe riviera is completely outdated the rooms are divvy the beds uncomfortable ... the overall experience was just lame.nthe best part there is no way to sleep with the airconditioning on in las vegas the ac units are too old and sound like an engine in the room.nwe will never go back .
__label__neg this hotel is really disgusting . someone else reserved the room or else i would have stayed somewhere else . to start off with its really confusing and inconvenient to get to the parking lot . the line at the front desk is really long and the first time we got our room  they didnt even work . our room was also really far from the front desk and we got lost on the way there.nnwhen we got in the room we were struck by how  and gross it was . the chairs and  were stained and nasty . there were three giant blood stains on the wall one was over a foot long and two inches wide . it looked like someone died in there . the bathroom had a blood spray stain . really creepy . the window had no screen and was recently nailed so it would only open a couple inches . the door looked like it had been busted in at one point . i heard that there used to be a lot of mob murders at this hotel and i believe it it definitely looked   died in that room . we requested a different room but they did not give it to us.nni had been looking forward to going swimming but the pool was closed.nnin the morning they were blasting music in the pool area at 8 am and playing loudspeaker announcements . the pool area was closed anyway so it made no sense for them to be doing this . because the windows were so thin it made it impossible to sleep . instead of coming to clean the room in the  the maids started knocking on the door at 9 am . no  gets up that early in vegas people tend to stay out late and sleep in.nnthis hotel has a very inconvenient location at the very far end of the strip a couple miles away from most of the attractions.nnthe only redeeming  was that some of my friends had good luck in the casino .
__label__neg   dont  at this  nfront   is  
__label__neg   . check in took  an hour .   self check in but it told me to see the clerk for a key so i went to the line that said keys and the clerk was very rude and told me i had to wait in the other huge line that  about an  to  in including getting to our room . room was dirty and the window only opens about an inch . we did not get any sleep because the ac controls either went too hot or too cold and it was 95 degrees at night in vegas this time of the year . avoid this hotel at all cost . they attract a certain cheap type of croud that you want to avoid . we felt unsafe the entire trip .
__label__neg located on the older side of the strip.nunlike some other reviewers i found the staff to be pleasant and the rooms were clean and comfy.ni stayed in the luxury suites on the 61st floor in the monaco towers . i paid 65 in addition to a 15 resort fee.nbe warned they put a refundable 100 charge on your card until you check out.nif you prefer to be around a hip younger crowd then this is not the hotel for you its mostly  people and um for lack of a better word people of low caliber.ni spotted a few low class hookers working the floor.nthe bars suck  . the complimentary  are literally alcohol inspired and the drink specials were so weak that after 2 rounds we gave up.nthe casino sucks too if you must stay here cause thats what your wallet indicates then check in and head south on the  until its time to sleep.ncircus circus across the street has better slots.nall in all not bad but then again this should be a last resort type of place .
__label__neg fool me once shame on you . fool me twice shame on mennas seen on tv . have you ever been fed over by an informal that turned out to be a scam not me . have you ever religiously vowed to try out man vs food locations with out yelping them first i have.. . seriously wtf was i thinking as a yelp a elite i was questioning my status . i thought i should simply resign from elite for what i did . had i read one or two reviews . i could have save myself heartache and pain . warning random rant ahead viewers discretion is advised.nnstupid tv theres a reason i netflix so i dont get sucked in to stupid shows and stupid commercials . i wanted to punch someone so bad more than i hate the verizon can you hear me now guy and the stupid retarded im a mac commercials with equally as stupid apple consumers that religious follow the steve jobs cult . adam richman men across the nation look at you for inspiration . you are not an guy fieri andrew zimmerman or anthony bourndain but we trust that you are one of us and not  up in mainstream bs i have watched your show seeing all these wonderful places on the east coast and in texas . my quest for man vs food starts on the west coast . los  was a disappointment nothing spectacular like la traffic smog and the lakers going to lose this years finals or not make it . las vegas my second home ... how could you pick this placennback to the reviewnnwhen you first walk in to nascar cafe you will see a line . you will hear little murmurs like wow i cant believe im here ... .. mvf blah blah b3 or big ass burrito . two things come to mind when you see this place ... is nascar really a sport king of the hill just came to life i was waiting for some to say propane and  accessories but someone did say my favorite hank hill line ... i tell you what . i felt very very very out of place . arlington texas is alive im surprised i was not mistake for kan. okay okay . im being harsh in a joking way of course . i did not drink too much hateraid and no one was raciest towards me . i apologize for being a little bitter ... but please read on.nnafter a 45 minute waiting with very very impatient people behind me i was finally seated . yeah this is a long time to wait with only maybe 3 small parties in front of me . i did not see any burritos on the menu . what the deuce i wanted a 1 lb size of the b3 . i found out  you can ask for it thank you yelp instead i ordered a guacamole bacon burger . a carls jr commercial was never more dead on while eating a fancy 13 dollar burger i was wondering why i wasnt eating a 4 or 5 dollar carls jr burger instead . portions are big but even if i was drunk id much rather hit up the cheaper local dennys . the curl fries were slightly  than the burger . my friend ordered frozen buffalo wings . okay she didnt mean to get them frozen but they came out almost that way . the chef did replace her half pound order of wings with a fresh hot plate of 1 lb of wings . nice up grade for an honest mistake . i tried the wings ... too bad im a wing specialist . the wings were hot on the outside but still slightly under cooked on the inside . i didnt notice this until the wings became cold over time . come on how hard are wings to make 1012 minutes in a fryer and add maybe 5 minutes more if frozen . my burger fell apart while i was eating it . not in a good mouth watering way but in a nasty way . if this ever happens to you that means that the bread is older and the meat was not cooked correctly . im not sure how it was cooked ... maybe grilled baked and boiled ... .nnthe pros ... theres always a bright side . despite the slow slow service . my server was actually nice and in a good mood . i appreciate that . the employee was dragging his or her feet and clearing dishes like they were the bomb squad . i heard a customer say they should fire everyone and hire new people . thank you to my server . i applaud you . this place is seriously nascar heaven with millions of tv playing only nascar and one soccer game . or the opposite of heaven if you arent in to nascar . i could only image what top gear has to say about nascar and driving in circles . nni wish i never set foot inside of sahara or nascar cafe again . if you are a guest of sahara i do think you should give this place try . call me crazy but the quality is kind of like cafeteria food . its not great but its decent enough that you could eat there . i think my review is a tad bias and if your food is cooked by a different chef than today im sure you will be fine . thank goodness i didnt get sick . im writing this from my wynn suite and i know  is another day . hot n juicy and hash house a go go are next . i think i saved the best for last . nni accepted any hate mail this uncensored review might have caused . just know.. please read this review with a light  and know i was pissed and dont take me too seriously .
__label__neg this is probably the second to last dermatologist on your list of doctors to  . this is a long delayed review but i had out my experiences in the back of my mind until we met a strange character dr. saul from ad at a yelp event earlier this month.nnthe last time i saw dr. schreiber was over a year ago when i went to him for a reoccurring rash i had on my stomach which would spread to other parts of my body . i sat waited in the office for 3040 minutes with an appointment made the  prior then waited for the doctor for about 20 minutes as i dressed into the paper coverings i was left . dr. schreiber came in  me that the rash was due to metal contact from the button in jeans with my skin and wrote me a script for medication  to treat scabies and psoriasis without any real direction other than to apply the cream and lotion twice daily . i filled the prescriptions and the medication was messy so application wasnt  clean cut . the medication didnt work but i was too turned off by my  experience to come back to this office . nnafter some research i was able to come up with my own prediction i may have been intolerant of an iron supplement  to a medication i was taking . i had the prescription changed and like magic the rash cleared up completely within a few months . i would have preferred had he offered an allergy test or biopsy of some sort to conclude a diagnosis but i guess he didnt have the time . nni would compare a visit to this office to a visit to your local umc quick care . theres very little compassion from the front desk for their long wait times and the doctor makes a quick diagnosis with no followup whatsoever . maybe in some cases his diagnosis is correct and his treatment works . in my case it did not but thankfully i am now able to manage my skin condition .
__label__pos this is the  at the grand canal shoppes at the venetian.nnohhh how i love this place conveniently located at one of my favorite hotels they have an  abundance of skincare cosmetics from all  of good quality brand of makeup men and women designer  makeup tools and other small makeup accessories.nni try to come here and buy something  i come to vegas . so  they have never ran out of an  i was looking for . the sale associates are really helpful but at the same time they leave you when youre just browsing or freely shopping around.nnnncynthia
__label__pos popped in this sephora to seek shelter from the sweltering heat 100 degrees in early july . i was promptly greeted by a gentleman who worked there . after  that i was only looking around and had no specific items to look for he rather bluntly said that he wanted to change my lip color . okay i  and  him lead me to a makeup station while he worked his magic and gave me a quick touchup of my lips and face . i thoroughly loved the look after he finished and ended up purchasing the lipstick he used as a sample on me guerlain rouge automatique 160. i absolutely love this product and have been using it ever since . its creamy and super moisturizing compared to the lipstick i was using immediately before walking into this sephora . i hated having to put chapstick on my lips first and then apply the lipstick because it was so dry . i was at first suspicious when he told me that this product wouldnt be like that but was quickly pleasantly surprised to find out that it was  very moisturizing . although it was a bit pricey 36 i believe i dont regret the purchase at all because its of such good quality . throughout the process he also tried to engage me and asked me my name and where i was visiting from . he was just so jovial and exuberant the entire time and i wouldve felt bad not buying anything he used on me afterwards turned out that it was a good decision to get the lipstick anyway . besides the guerlain lipstick i also liked the bronzer he used on me and now regret not buying anything else besides the lipstick primer bronzer highlighter etc because i was trying to save money at the time . it was my first time getting a pro makeup session in a sephora and it was completely impromptu but i loved it and am thinking of making an appointment or just popping in a sephora in dc and getting some personal  advice . im sure many other girls also fell for the highly effective salesperson that i encountered and had trouble declining to make any purchase because he was so friendly and made an effort to connect with you . although he could be labeled as pushy i didnt find it at all invasive or annoying like i  i probably just fell for the cute attempts at  up a meaningful conversation with me . but more importantly the product i ended up purchasing was really great and what he had told me is really true . not to mention that i also liked the look he created on my face . if im in vegas next time ill definitely try to stop by again even if not this sephora then definitely to one of the three that are on the strip .
__label__neg gather around intrepid sightseers and let me tell you a little story about papillion grand canyon tours . nnit all began at the buttcrack of dawn one tepid thursday in october as a grotesquely obese bus driver beckoned us into her flatulent world before accosting bewildered tourists from all over the las vegas strip with the importance of common sense bus protocols . we were also warned a grand total of 7 times in 25 minutes not to get comfortable because we would be changing buses again shortly which was ironic because the seats appeared to be made from repurposed potato sacks and were every bit as itchy.nnwith warm water bottle in hand and mild rash on leg we were corralled into a stark labyrinth of a building where instruction on how the people with green stickers should enter the  line and people with red stickers should enter the  line lasted inordinately long . because it was clear that some of the  spoke no english we were then subjected to that feeble and oft insulting tactic where we were spoken to as if we might be near deaf imbeciles . as if speaking slowly at high volume and dumbing down ones vocabulary and sentence structure has somehow ever caused a person to spontaneously comprehend english or has ever bridged any language barrier at all.nnafter a lot of bad noise we were given a generic juice box a rubbery danish and access to a foul cauldron of coffeelike fluid . we then boarded another bus where we were entertained by the musings of a large man named walter as we made the long trek to the grand canyon ... museum . nnupon arrival at this pitiful tourist trap we noticed sheriffs and other authorities were swarming the area due to a fistfight that had just been broken up . after seeing the interior of this museum i would share a profound empathy for the violent men that preceded me . the museum consisted of a dozen or so framed pictures of the grand canyon followed by an appalling restroom with backed up plumbing a stuffed mountain lion type beast and two large piles of overpriced doritos.nnwith that nonsense behind us we traversed the remaining  road to the helipad of awesomeness where a blond chopper pilot who was pretty easy on the eyes ill have you know swooped and wove us through the picturesque hole in the ground we came so far to  . however no sooner had this thrilling ride concluded did we realize what was in store for us at the bottom of the canyon.nnas altitude and standards began to plummet in perfect synchronicity it was time to forge the colorado river on a guided pontoon tour thats worthlessness can not be overstated . as far as our tour guide it wasnt so much that english wasnt his second or third language that pissed me off it was that english wasnt a language at all for him . he briefly became useful when it became apparent that our boat was going to stall every 8 or 9 seconds of the tour . on the plus side he did save quite a bit of fuel by allowing us to helplessly drift backwards for the vast majority of the tour while jabbering incoherently and demanding to  pictures of us with our own cameras . at this point it was obvious that we were not going to travel more than 100 yards in either direction from the dock . because the other pontoon tour companies zooming past us down the river were not able to create a wake large enough to mercifully capsize our boat we had to wait out this infuriating charade.nnour return helicopter ride did much to ease the lingering anger and despair . this time around we had a new helicopter with a squeaky clean bald head and a beard that inspired the kind of confidence youd need if he were flying you on a black ops mission in beirut . nnhe brought us safely back to the top of the west rim where we were given a ticket to get a free and i use the term loosely lunch . it was less alarming that we were served prison food for lunch than the fact that we were served by what appeared to be actual inmates . although i remained nauseous and slipped in and out of consciousness the rest of our souvenir saturated trip i do remember getting a solid two and a half hours of life coaching and financial  from our bus driver that included evidence that he continues to fall victim to the gamblers fallacy even after losing his meager life savings time and time again as well as numerous thinly veiled requests for a tip . hopefully all of that was just the food causing me to hallucinate but we may never know for certain.nnall in all i can not recommend this tour company . while the helicopter tour was a huge ramekin of awesomesauce it is admittedly something that is hard to screw up providing you dont crash and die a fiery death in which case we should assume yours would have been only a  star review . but that dreadful excuse for a pontoon tour of the colorado river was burnt into my memory like a brand and ultimately sunk this otherwise semibuoyant excursion .
__label__neg skanky   in the meat and potatoes of the strip . the bellagio paris  etc flank this rundown renostyle casino . nnbut this is where i began my vegas runs posing as an older  of the human race . you can   blackjack . and i believe my  and i played 8 hrs of  1 craps when i just turned legal age ... to smoke .
__label__pos i would never stay here but i  the  .   . the drinks are stiff and they run  24  a day . i consider this funland.nnlol .
__label__pos yes it is expensive . beyond that it   the most memorable restaurant my wife and i have been to in our lives.nneverything from the incredible food to pristine service is the absolute best nothing is left to chance . the  meal which can last 3 or 4 hours is a  orgasm.nnthink about the last time you had an authentic caesars salad  at your table . this is the  freshness and authenticity that  this restaurant stand  in crowd.nnin the united states i would rank this restaurant number one bar none .
__label__neg i came here to cure a hangover . to  a hangover in hawaii i would eat pho or dim sum so i came here in search of some great dim sum . well youre definitely not going to  it here . the dim sum came in metal steamers which i thought was odd . ive only seen wooden ones before . i soon found out why most places use wooden ones ... because the dim sum sticks to the metal ones causing all the fillings to come out of the unwrapped dumplingnni ordered the wonton soup ... the soup was so bland that i may have been drinking hot water and i wouldnt have known the difference . nnour  shared some other traditional chinese dishes and they all sucked . to top everything off the service was one of the worst . he never refilled our water never came by to check on  so we couldnt let him know how awful the food was and he took forever to bring out the check . nnthe  we chose this place i overheard two separate strangers that chin chin had  chinese food . they serve sushi here too . what kind of  restaurant serves sushi this kind the sucky kind
__label__neg we were just at coyote  and had an absolutely horrible experience . we  to the washroom and then the bouncer martin hampton would not let  back in . no one is an  in  but we were clearly not out of control . he claimed we were and we are  at almost 50 years of age with three boys . i dont know what they were up to but they ruined our evening . when you are wrong that is fine but this situation baffles me . dont you want business and i write this note in the clearly   that they assessed me at nnavoid
__label__neg we had a lot of mixed feelings about this place . the pricequality of their   was  ... we just  feeling very underwhelmed by the quality of the service . nnwe originally booked a reservation here because it was around the corner from the zumanity show that we had tickets for . the hostess we originally talked to was very polite and informative letting us know that a 930 pm booking was probably the best time since our show was for 730. at this  we had high hopes for this place . nnthe day of our booking we called to confirm our reservation and the hostess hung up on my bf mid sentence saying no we dont have a booking under that name . confused i called back and they eventually found our name . i wanted to make sure i received the check since it was my bfs bday weekend . she said ok then hung up without asking me which of the 4 people under our reservation that i was . nnour server was ok ... but obviously didnt  the message about the check . surprise surprise when we asked for our check she threw it down next to my bf . of course if he sees the check hes going to try to  for it it was his birthday this is what i was trying to avoid
__label__pos this is more like a 4.5 but since there are no halves i digress.nnso i heard about this steakhouse from my dad claiming it was the best steakhouse in vegas and while i havent actually been to any others i do have to agree with him that it was very good.nni had the new york steak 35 dollars a side of onion rings 7 dollars and a  of new castle 8 dollars which brought my total for dinner to like 50 dollars plus tax and tip . im not a huge spender on food so 50 bucks is a pretty big drop in the bucket for me to eat but overall i was very  with the food . the steak cooked medium came out perfect and was almost all  very little fat for a new york and the onion rings were literally huge not like the cheap kind you get at a fast food restaurant . service was great . our waiter happened to be originally from  too so he identified with a couple of guys in vegas for the weekend and the  came out in a good amount of time.nnsure i was  with a  friend and a overly drunk  both of who were bickering like preschoolers but i enjoyed gallaghers . next time im in new york new york and have money to burn for a great dinner ill be stopping here
__label__pos one of the better steakhouses in vegas.nni went during an off night with a small party they had the prime rib and the bone in new york . both were excellent.nni had a porterhouse.. the price was a warning sign . if you are paying 45 for a new york and your porterhouse has a combined new york and filet but yet it only costs an extra 5 chances are you are getting a little less than both . nn i got a thin porterhouse that was  leather . too thin to cook to raremedium without burning it.nnthe wait staff picked up something wasnt right i just told them it wasnt acceptableand that i wanted a bone in new york as a replacement . instantly the steak was gone and the manager came out and apologized and i got my replacement  rather  . nnthe new york was very nice and one of the better  ive had at a restaurant . flavor was buttery with a nice taste due to the aging process . very tender.. even the fat was good.nnthe caesar salad was average but the wedge salads were pretty good . salads werent huge for the price but the presentation was nice.nnno comments on the seafood we never had any.nnservice was excellent however it is vegas so dont be surprised youre sitting next to a couple in beach attire.nnthe price is average for usda  steakhouse .
__label__neg the girl who sat us wasnt too friendly she tried to sit us on the patio area without even asking the steeler game was on which is the only  we picked this place tvs and margaritas and she  like it was a sin to sit us in eye shot of a television smh ... the hostess is the first contact a patron has if shes rude that kinda sux nnthe food was okay for hotel mexican  nsampler platter nachos eeeh chimis good guac yum  blah ceviche worst ive ever had sweet kinda tasted like they put italian dressing on it very curious dishnamericanized beef taco rice n beans were cool el pollo locos seasonal  are better beef and  enchiladas were okay . the chips n salsa iced tea and cadillac margaritas were all very good the bar service for our drinks was kinda slow ... but our server chris was awesome all the way just super attentive sweet and patient ... he went above and beyond for our party . also id like to note we went against our servers suggestion of the fajitas or the tacos el carbon and went with something else so thats our fault always listen to the servernnthis place was okay i  wouldnt come back there are so many good places in new york new york hotel let alone vegas but i dont regret  gonzalez y gonzalez either
__label__pos they      .  is   prices workers are friendly and good ambiance.. sucks that they charge for the salsa and chips now..
__label__pos   for  night  . the    were street taco size and were filled with delicious marinated beef . they were 1.50 each . we also had some horchata which wasnt super sweet like how other kinds can get and was very cool and refreshing . i didnt see any hours posted on the door but we were there on a saturday  at 11 p.m. and they were still open .
__label__neg  .  . ever.nnmoldy food  should  be green . how do you not notice that beforewhile bringing out  . atrocious service . then they have the audacity to charge for it.nnthis being vegas lets make odds on what will happen first the health departmet shuts them down or the incompetent management bankrupts them . this place only survives on sucker tourists .
__label__pos crab cakes outshined the steaks but not to take away from the steaks because they were very good . we came in with a large  of 13 or so and they  us in our own sectioned off room which oddly had some tvs in the  . the service was excellent we had a few issues with overcooked fish and a tuna tare tare coming out instead of a steak one we requested .  is a fine steakhouse with great  which is  worth the short drive off the strip to come to . they did a  job with such a large group of rowdy guys .
__label__pos       masala is  and the bhindi  is delicious we always get garlic naan with our meal and make sure to order extra to take home . my husband and i try to come here as often as we can
__label__pos great food .  service . our  garry was   with helping  with the menu selections .  was  .  was amazing
__label__neg   17 dollar drinks really for bullcrap  we paid 350 for bottle service and they  out the smallest bottle of  vodka r u  me we are a party of  and thats the bottle were paying for never ever again save your money and go to dejavu one  ... .disappointed
__label__neg if you like to take care of your customers you must take care of your employee michael ... to be honest im not into fashion a lot but this oct 5 on an important tv  i  the house of versace real or not made me a huge fan of how the versace  worked to build this huge name but one guy in a store in a  mall of las vegas threat me like he doesnt need my  ...   read this and take care of it . this guy need to care about the new possible customers . im guessing versace  care ... ivan
__label__neg prosni didnt  sicknnconsnthe foodnnwhile in las vegas my wife 10 month old daughter and i decided to try the rainforest cafe located in the mgm grand . we all enjoyed the decor the service was so so but the food was absolutely disgusting . we started things off with 2 waters and a diet coke and ordered the awesome appetizer . all the food on the platter 2 chix strips 2 chimmi cha chas crab dip and calamari was cold except the crab dip which was piping hot . one thing i dont understand is the chix strips and calamari where both very lightly cooked almost underdone but the chimi cha cha similar to a chilis southwestern eggroll was overcooked and really dark . having worked in a restaurant for a few years i knew this was from using old fry oil that had gone too long without filtration or replacement it causes a burnt crust with an almost smokybitter taste and an undercooked center.nnfor our main dishes i had ordered a cobb salad and my wife had the rasta pasta . my salad was also pretty bad a good portion of the lettuce was wilted . it was also pretty clear that they didnt take the time to dry the lettuce after washing it . the wet lettuce couldnt hold onto the dressing which caused a pool of waterdressing to form in the bottom of my bowl . my wifes pasta wasnt as disgusting but it wasnt good either . the chicken was tolerable but overall the whole dish was dry and bland.nnthe total bill for our meal came to just over 70 which is way to much for the quality of the food . after 11 nights in las vegas this is by far the worst place we ate at i have no idea why the mgm grand would allow the restaurant in its casino . its a shame i have to give this place even one star which is one more than it deserves .
__label__neg i dont know how to rate this . the  side of me wants to put 4 stars but the adult side says 1.52.nnkid opinion the big snake hanging down in the  shop is  . the  falling down and the  thunderstorms and sparkling stars and atmosphere is neat . and the desert with sparklers is awesomennadult side the  is blah . the alcoholic beverages were boring or too sweet.nnboth  service was good .
__label__neg took  minutes to  our  ckn    and hot dog . waitress was soooooo slow . after she finally came to pick up my credit card it  her almost 15  to bring it back to me because she was chatting with the table behind us about her personal life . i really expected more from this place . pure disappointment .
__label__pos this place serves the best prime rib i have had anywhere bar none.nlocated a bit off the strip this place gets overlooked but boy its worth a 1015 min walk i took to come here . ni didnt have any reservations and had to  in the  area for a bit nevertheless i enjoyed one of the better martinis in the city . the main dinning area is old school with service to match it reminded me of the bygone era of fine dinning shown in mad men . though its las vegas and i saw people in casual clothes i would recommend dressing up when coming here .  was immaculate from start to finish . i ordered a shrimp cocktail for starters which was served nicely chilled . the cocktail sauce was ok and the shrimp were large but run of the  stuff . nfor the main i went with the lawrys cut of prime rib and ordered it rare.nsalad was done table side an ode to old school fine dining . i am not much of a salad eater but this one was good and consisted of crisp romaine and iceberg lettuce baby spinach shredded beets chopped eggs and croutons tossed with their vintage dressing.nnext  the main event a nice  trolley with huge chunks of prime rib was brought table side and the meat was carved to my liking by an expert chef . the mains come with an unlimited supply of yorkshire pudding very good mashed potatoes ok jus sauce memorable and whipped cream horseradish but beef is the star attraction here . it is amazing how good the prime rib is and it is cooked to perfection . my cut was perfectly pink all around with a good meat to fat ratio . the crust was seasoned well and gave a nice contrast . i ordered some cream corn and mushrooms which were good as well but i dont think were needed as the main serving was generous . ni wanted to try some desserts but i was full.ni must mention again how good the service was my needs were anticipated and the servers would disappear after picking up stuff and refilling wine and water and not even once i had to look for them . nwine selection is extensive though i didnt explore it much and stuck to a cabernet.nthere you have it folks las vegas the way it was envisioned initiallyn4.5 stars
__label__pos decided to finally give this place a try since it was one of the restaurant week locations and it did not disappoint nnold school restaurant feel and seating is a little strange but i guess it works ... .they pull out the tables and you sit next to each in a booth at least if theres a small party . the service is attentive and the waitress was  friendly . the ambiance is nice but has the typical vegas feel when it comes to how dressy you need to be ... some people were definitely dressed well while others were in jeans and tank tops ... nnthe meal starts with the signature spinning salad ... given the  i abhor salads ... this one was actually pretty tasty next the prime rib cart with the sides comes over and you can select how you prefer your cut of prime rib and the sides offered are fatty heaven as  . we selected the creamed corn and creamed spinach . the creamed corn was a little too sweet for my liking but the creamed spinach was delicious with little pieces of bacon  in . the meal also comes with mashed potatoes and yorkshire  an eggybread  . portions are more than generous and you leave anticipating the food coma to hitnnalthough i paid the prefixed price  the menu ... .the prices on the normal menu seemed quite reasonable considering their large portion sizes will definitely recommend this place to any friends looking for some good prime rib
__label__pos went here on saturday night 900pm 111613. as i was intown on business i was alone . there was  of parking for my doublecab 8 bed full  truck . walked right in and had a  in 3 minutes . ambience is slightly upscale . the men were dressed like youd expect in the main dining room of a cruise ship . the waitresses looked matronly primarily because of their matronly uniform . i guess the costume is some sort of a maids uniform which included a white cap . i did not laugh to myself because they and the rest of the establishment was indeed fairly classy . no teenagers worked here . nn i had a salad medrare prime rib creamed corn spinach and yorkshire pudding . yorkshire pudding is a special bread that you dip your remaining aujuice and other juices off your plate with . the salad came with a house dressing that seemed to be a mixture of catalinatomato and french . the dressing was light and not very  at all . the waiter did not ask me what kind of dressing i want so that might be all there was . but it was sooooo good the dinner also came with sourdough bread and butter . dont let the  creamed corn turn you off . its not the stuff you pour out of a can at home . it really is very good . although the prim rib itself is very very good it really is no better than places such as the outback and texas roadhouse . so go for the ambience or spinach creamed corn . if not go somewhere cheaper . nnbecause of the  creamed corn and spinach i will be back for sure .
__label__neg is this what its like to be born with a silver spoon in your mouth i would hate for anyone to be born with a silver spoon in their mouths cuz that sucks everything just isnt as good or enjoyable once youve had the ultimate  best ... while everyone here is giving lawrys the prime rib 4 n 5 stars im here baffled .  hopr house of prime rib in sf was my silver spoon this entire time ... consistently serving juicy tender cuts of premium well aged prime rib with sides that make anything at lawrys well unworthy of such an upper class palate that belongs to the family of hopr.nntheir service feels old here ... as in outdated . whereas hopr is classic and retains class . at lawrys the female servers look like they jumped right out of our old history textbooks dressed like women from days of the 13 colonies looking like the pilgrim women or even nurses from the 60s . do you need a flu shot they probably have some in their apron as an add option to your meal . service was friendly but rather inefficient . its hard to explain . you just have to try both lawrys and hopr to understand.nnwhen i hear lawrys the prime rib im literally thinking omg we need to bow down ... its lawrys the prime rib god . calling yourself the prime rib kind of gives the sense that there was no one before you no one after you and no one will ever even come close to you . but then again the loudest one is usually the weakest one and this was surely the case here.nnmy prime rib was ordered medium rare . my cousin to my right and my best friend to my left also ordered the same . it came out more like medium maybe medium well . what didnt help was that they gave us butter knives to cut into this steak . oh wait ... i think that was subliminally suppose to tell us that you can cut into this beef like butter . good one guys ... almost fell for it there but im from the family tree of hopr ... cant fool me that easily . there must be something wrong with the aging process of the prime rib here because it was tough and fibrous to the chew . i thought maybe if i ate the outer parts of the rib cut where the fats and tendon are then itd be more tender but no it was rather dry . my friend and i went straight to the bone and even that was on the medium side . medium wouldnt be that bad if the beef was aged better for a tastier and softer bite but that not the case . i took a couple of bites and left the rest of it there but i ate the mashed potatoes creamed spinach and creamed corn to help soak up the alcohol for the later part of the night . with about 34 of the steak still sitting on my plate the  and server never asked why i barely touched it as they took it away . i didnt want to  anything either to be respectful because lawrys was the bachelors favorite prime rib spot to grub at . one thing is for sure though ... my cousin my best friend and i are taking him to our  spoon hopr next week to show him what a great well aged prime rib is supposed to be like . well even throw in an actual steak knife and let him use the butter knife to spread his butter . it wouldnt even take the steak for the bachelor to change his  to hopr ... just the warm soft fluffy  to start would be enough.nnif harry chapin got to eat at hopr and lawrys while he was editing his lyrics us 70s and 80s babies would probably know the song to go likennand the cats in the cradle and hopr too.nlittle  blue and the man on the moon.nwhen you coming home dad i dont know when.nwell go to house of prime rib then son ... nyou know well have a good rib then .
__label__pos aaa rate was  and it was on  weekend too . great price free breakfast  cocktails at 530pm . about a mile away from wynn and venetian but the  is nice along the  golf course .  a room facing south and you will be rewarded with a view of the  . one more thing avoid rooms near the  because they may bother you .
__label__neg i will never order from papa johns again the worst customer service i have ever experienced . i have called and spoke to the  about my complaint and he has blown me off every  . i ordered   for an event at my work on the company  card and these people cant even provide me with a receipt i have been asking for one for 4 weeks now and still  ... i finally had to declare the receipt lost as  company policy but damn papa johns ... get it together
__label__pos  view  seating  food  service . we decided last minute to try this place and im glad we did the view is gorgeous with a perfect view of the bellagio fountains . we only had lunch but i bet at dinner time its an amazing view.nn cream of mushroom soup creamy smooth perfect balanced flavorn foie gras wrapped in duck prosciutto with fig compote mouthwatering delicious very smooth melts in your mouth n moroccan lamb burger flavorful huge portion chips okayn seafood salad simple refreshing variety of seafoodn petit fours nice light sweet ending to a nice mealnnservice was okay at first and the server warmed up to us at the end of the meal after he found out we were from san francisco . he was nonetheless very attentive and polite throughout the meal . it was a very nice relaxing lunch on our last day in vegas despite an obnoxious french family that made a big fuss about  arrangements . overall great   and the  is gorgeous
__label__neg   . neverything on my  was under cooked  being  back it back under cooked again . nnnot  the effort or the price .
__label__pos great view great service and great foodnnwe came here for my dads birthday and fortunately for me i packed an evening dress and heels . not so good for my dad lol . he  to bring a jacket and apparently this restaurant likes to keep that high class feel going . they even lent him a jacket to wear for the entire dinner . i  that somewhat funny but at least they didnt turn him away rightnnlooking at the menu it took me back when i was at the space needle for dinner . everything sounded so amazing yet so pricey i can admit it i can be fairly cheap sometimes but i do however  amazing foods come at a fair price.nnwith that said.. i order the roasted rabbit no appetizer or salad . they served us asparagus soup and bread to begin with so i didnt want to stuff my face too much . got ta save room for dessert having rabbit is new to me and as much as i wanted lamb i also like to try new things  more so . the meat was so delicate much more so than lamb but just as delicious . with the sauce and vegetables served along the rabbit everything fell into place . my mouth certainly was having a taste bud orgasm.nnfor dessert i ordered the pistachio souffle which our server had informed us about in the beginning since it takes about 45 minutes to prepare . souffle yum . pistachio yes please so how was it you ask blissful . i was literally in  . subtle sweet gooeyness and fluffiness ... oh and it was humongous i probably could have devoured it all by myself but i was nice enough to share since there was definitely more than enough.nnexceptional service of course . our server was very friendly and informative . the ambiance is very intimate with an outstanding view of the water  at the bellagio . it was a nice experience and worth it but man was i happy to take off my heels after wards the strip is not friendly to  in heels at all .
__label__pos it was our first visit . we  lost it was so hard to find this place but it was worth it . very  but delicious  dish . the restaurant is up towards the building we had to take the elevator by the receptionist . the bathrooms had employees serving us with paper towels offering perfumes and waiting for  . the service was  good and friendly . nnwe had the beef wellington and roasted chicken and potato gratin . they were all good . but i didnt like the potato croquette . the desert soufflu00e9 was good also . prepare to have a fat bill even for a couple . i spent more than 300.  a dozen  cost 30 and a small photo cost 25. i would still comeback coz i liked the food .
__label__neg if you are  with losing your deposit when you move out ... this is the place for younnwe bought a house and surrendered the apartment 3 weeks  paid for and in spotless condition . the manager said everything was fine in the walkthrough . then we get a letter  that they were deducting over 300 in cleaning and damages . yet the manager had  everything was fine.nnrediculous charges and horrible  for  service . do yourself a favor and find a complex that hires people with a little class .
__label__pos this place has one of the best  to  a race ever . and  drag racing with vegas has just got ta be awesome.nnamazing views and its   to the air force base so you have    the entire time.nnbeer gambling drag racing and flybys . america ... ... .fck yeah .
__label__pos the speedway is fun . parking was pretty easy to get in and out of and the racing i got to  last  was a lot of  . we sat in some luxury boxes and were served free food and drinks including  if thats what you wanted . i ate until i was full and had a great view of the  . i do not have any comment on prices of  and  because  was all free since i got some free vip tickets through my work .
__label__neg dont stay here worst  i have ever hadni made a reservation over the phone three weeks prior to my stay . everything seemed ok at first prices werent bad the girl helping me was nice and quick . she even repeated back to me all my info to make sure everything was perfect . my reservation was from 720725nwhen i was on my way to the hotel i called to let them know i was on my way and to confirm my reservation . nothing changed so i was at easy.nin the morning on the 24th i saw my bill taped to my door which i thought that was extremely unprofessional . i was running behind schedule so i just  a glance at the bill . on the bill i was only being charged to the  i thought that was strange so i made it a point to go to the office and ask about it . about an hour later i got a very rude call from one of the ladies in the front desk asking me why i havent checked out yet . i explained to her it was because i dont check out until the 25th . she told me that her paper work says that i extended my stay so i asked if i could speak with her manager . nher manager was beyond rude with me and told me my reservation ended and she had already gave away my room so i had to get my stuff and get out before the end on the day . i asked her if  she can at least change my room but she repeated that there is nothing i can do all her rooms are booked and i need to get my stuff out of my room.ni continued to call their 800 number to see what they can do because i had no place to stay that night . the  representative listen to what i had to say then put me on hold for  minutes then hung up on me . so i called back . the second representative told me i was right and my reservation was still to the 25th but there was nothing he could do for me and if i wanted to resolve the situation i would have to settle it with the hotel.nabout five minutes  the hotel called me and told me that they decided to extend my stay for me like they were doing me a favor . nwhen i got back to the hotel my room key didnt work anymore so i went to the office and talked to the manager it was a different manager than before . nshe gave me new room keys a water bottle and told me she would comp one night for my inconvenience.nnim still furious  a doubt the worst stay i have ever had anywhere that was one of the most stressful day i have ever had i will not be returning
__label__pos this place rocks . as other reviewers have said its not the newest fanciest or most technologically  theater but its clean  and shows some independent and foreign films .  moving to the westside of town weve enjoyed this theater on a couple different  . weve found it to be very clean have friendly staff and never be too full . the prices are still consistent with other theaters so you wont be able to save a ton of  but you wont have to deal with the  of a casino or the crowds of some of the newer theaters . nthere are a lot of great places to eat around the theater which makes it very  for a date night and it is not too hard to find a close parking spot which is nice for a cold  night or hot summer day .
__label__pos i loved zekes hot yoga  . he has a great personalityi  where hes  nownnapril 2007 updateni miss this place  much you cant find a   than sascha . i really miss her hot yoga class . its  .
__label__pos i have been bringing my cats here for about 5 years . one of my cats was diagnosed with diabetes so he has  a lot of care the last few years . sadly had to put put my beloved asia to sleep 2 sundays ago .  all of our  were with dr. kerry davis  it was a  vet that was there this last time . my husband said she was very empathic and caring . i give dr. davis 5 stars for the  she cared for asia the last 5 years . i thought the prices were similiar to the last  we used  care is expensive but the hospital is immaculate and the staff is very professional .
__label__pos eating organic and healthy doesnt have to be overly expensive . nnsure there are some things that are just pricey but theres so many options that you arent gon na die if you dont get the hands of buddha lemons  and just buy yourself some regular lemons 2 for 1 just like the regular grocery for your lemon zest . just got ta be smart about how you shop but thats something you should do wheneverwhere ever youre buying . nn i go to whole foods at least once a week usually tenaya just because im in the area and do a majority of my shopping at whole foods now . were pretty fucking broke and we eat great ... .and guess what we havent made major adjustments in the food budget to incorporate our newfound stance into getting quality ingredients . nni recently made a big change to really look at  providers comparing prices vs. quality . i think a part of us are so used to bottom prices that when we see price we dont think about the quality and time and effort it takes to do so and shy away . i cook and have done comparisons with certain ingredients and the quality is miles apart when theres a slight price difference . i used to call it whole paycheck like everyone else and now i dont . after crunching the numbers vs. conventional markets im getting more here for my money ... ..unless we come really hungry and high and buy a bunch of unnecessary junk food and luxury items and  the food budget right out . id post all my research but id probably bore people ... i  people to discover for themselves and look at prices . nni dont do all my groceries here but i buy enough to know i still adore this store  though im the one paying for it and not my parents anymore . haha .
__label__pos   evernnwhy sonnan   of hawaii items hawaiian sun drinks weekly poi imports and li hing mui . truthfully i only partake in the passion orange drinks but it is so great to have a small amount of nostalgia .
__label__pos   and   bartendersservers .  will  back .
__label__pos this is definitely one of the best pizza places in las  it makes you  like youre back in new york again . the quality of deli meats pastas and desserts is amazing . they make a white pizza with clam sauce and shrimp which is addictive . the   is also out of this world . stop in for a sandwich for lunch or a  entree or  for dinner and you cant go wrong . but   in
__label__neg buying experience was fine howeer once you buy a car here they get your money and service is a joke . all i want is a stupid copy of my bill of sale because i cant find my paperwork yes know thats my fault . ive  56  and even  to the sales manager who told me if i called him back on a monday after 1130 that hed show me how good the service is . conveniently i now cant get a hold of him just his voice  . folks this isnt tough and im not  im the one that cant find my paperwork but really after spending 40k you cant fax me a darn bill of sale what happens if theres something wrong with my car nnnext  ill drive to ontario volvo in california they sold me my first 2 volvos and i should have never give volvo of lv a chance . wont make that mistake again . ill take my money to people that believe in reasonable customer service .
__label__neg have been coming to mcs  .  for pie . food  from the potato cheese soup and cornbread are kinda bleh . this location is and has been  horribly managed for a long time now . have been waiting for 20 minutes now for my pie and am watching the young  working the front totally screw up most the transactions . one  just shorted someone their change and another kid forgot to fully charge another . forgetting to seat people forgetting  on pick up orders etc . if i ever  the need for pie again i will just go to another location .
__label__pos on sundays that i wake later in the day later afternoon hours would be an hour of this churchs  i attend mass . located in the westside of vegas this church is situated on the corner of tenaya way and west  boulevard . parking spaces on the churchs grounds is easily accessible . opt to park by the streets  or across from the church is another  to park on.nnthis is a large church of spanishstyle architecture . quite impressive as seen from the roadway . a courtyard with flowing fountains lead to the churchs doorways . upon entry a large concrete structure filled with holy water is the centerpiece of the churchs foyer . it is bordered by four posts of tall steel frames draped with flowing sheaths of cloth . two cubicles along the churchs doorways offers a place for reverence to st. joseph and jesus with his sacred heart . to the left of the doorway is the parish office . to the right of the  is the statue of st. francis of assisi . continuing onto a hallway to the right are statues of st. theresa st. maximilian kolbe mother teresa st. martin de porres . all these statues have electric candles before it for the faithful devotees to light a candle for a prayer offering . a small metal box is where money for the candle lit is collected . i like it that this church have these saints to adore . furthermore into the hallway leads to the comfort rooms . nnentry to the main church is via glass doors . natural light from outdoors sips through stained glass walls . a large  the king portraiture is the main altar fixture . the pews semicircularly faces the altar . on the left side is a glasswalled room where churchgoers with infants toddlers or young children can attend mass without distracting the solemnity of the mass with their childish noise or cries . typically it is called the cry room . on the right of the altar is where you will see the piano and the organ . the stations of the cross are on walls of this main church room . the pieta can also be reverenced on a cubicle to the left rear side of the main church room . its lifesized in a beautiful bronze cast.nnchurch choir adds beautiful music to masses  on sundays . the parish priests deliver the mass with an air of solemnity . friendly and attentive parish staff will usher churchgoer to a seat or assist if need arises . sunday mass have the tendency of having a full attendance of parishioners . having to stand through a full mass is not uncommon . otherwise it does not detract from the spiritual eucharistic mass . church bulletins are handed out by church staff after each holy mass . it informs of upcoming church events mass schedules church activities and news . notice that the hours of sunday masses are offered starting at 8 a.m. and the last mass is at 530 p.m. web site is www.saintjosephhom.org st. joseph husband of mary catholic church was established in 1989 .
__label__pos normally i would never go to a dealership for anything but i needed a duplicate key for my honda as it has a chip in it and required special programming . while there i noticed that they do auto detailing . i had just  a used honda from a private sale and it was filthy . im talking tan interior that was stained gray from years of smoking sticky residues in all the compartments stale smell from years of  weed in the car there were weed bits all through the carpet . the engine bay had so much  on it that the car smelled like it was burning after even short drive . the car had not been loved . i felt like i needed biohazard wear just to sit in the seat.nnfor 125 bucks honda west did a complete  exterior and engine bay cleaning . it came back sparkling and smelled good without a residual  smell . it looked  a whole new car . they  managed to get out some of the exterior scratches . definitely the  125 bucks ive spent in awhile . my only complaint is that it was still soaking when i picked it up and i ended up with a wet bum on the drive home .
__label__pos amazingly delicious veggie cheesesteak sandwich . shared a 12.75 20  and we were both full . comes with cheese peppers and onions if you   there is an extra charge.nni deducted  star because they need a  restroom situation .
__label__pos i cant complain about the food . everything was pretty good ... the hummus yogurt with cucumber dip falafel steak  . the  was a huge serving that my wife and split and couldnt finish . the quality of the meat was  and correctly cooked to the requested temp . it didnt come with basmati rice but did have rice pilaf with a wonderful  to it.nntheir menu is  large with cuisines including italian mediterranean persian  and indian . in my opinion theyd be better off with a more  menu but i guess they have to do what they can to attract the most customers . they even have a kids menu with all the  kid stuff . nnservice was decent and prices were ok. the interior looks a little dated but it was comfortable enough .
__label__neg 1.5   . nncafenit was  a late dinner and the cafe portion was pretty empty . we got a pretty quick and good service.nnfood nathens fries didnt really work for me . it was good but seasoning was bit too much for my taste . nbeef kabob was overcooked.nfesenjan was tasty but on the sweeter side . noverall food was ok. nnhookah loungenthe worst of the hookah lounges ive been to . the waiter despite repeated requests to replace the coal never did . he looked at the container that housed coal blew into it and left .
__label__pos how disappointed i was to hear that the best restaurant in vegas closed its  forever . when i ask myself what is the  thing ive ever eaten i immediately answer ... everything from rosemarys.nnive purchased the rosemarys   of love and tried to  some of the recipes . a feew successfully others not so . but knowing how much time energy and detail went into each and every one of their dishes i completely understand why it was so  . what i can not understand is why they  . nnuntil  and wendy grace las vegas with their talents once more i will begrudgingly patronize one of the overpriced and played out celebrity chef locations when i visit vegas . cest la vie .
__label__pos this is my favorite mediterranean restaurant . what youll find here is real lebanese food with standout lebni soft cheese for dipping kafta skewered burger and big pillows of hot pita.nni go for the kibbi because practically no one in town makes it and nobody makes it  this . kibbi is a shell of bulghur  and spices encasing a filling of  onion pine nuts and spices . its a laborintensive dish i know ... ive tried and this is made with love . served on a bed of fragrant pilaf and a yogurt dipping  im in lamby happy kibbi heaven every time i have it.nnfinish with the rice pudding .  . its wondrous.nneveryone that says to call ahead is right . you take your chances when you just show up . but when you call ahead and get a machine you can pretty much  theyre not  . call twice just to be safe .
__label__neg awful service paid 24.99 for  and when  was called ready seats were not wiped down  still dirty vacuum job sucked and windows still dirty guys got pissed and walked away when i nicely  for more  . 1 nice gentlemen helped me but  me thats the best he can do will  go back and will tell  person i know
__label__pos i finally finally made it to panevino i always heard people gush about it and i pass it everyday but never got a chance to try it.. the restaurant was extremely impressive . modern architechture inside and modern decor as well . the view of the strip from the restaurant is amazing and the ambiance was very relaxing.nnthe food was even  than i  . the minestrone was the best i have ever had . really well made.. truly italian.the filet  was unbelievable one of the best steaks ive had . cooked perfectly and melts in your mouth . youll wish you could have five more of them . its sooo good i tried the lobster ravioli and omg it was heavenly . lobster and ravioli ratio was just right and the sauce was really good . i tried my friends pasta with seafood and it was amazing as well . perfect sauce perfect linguini . nnpanevino is definitely one everybody should try at  once . it is a little pricey ...  its very pricey but its   penny . the food is soo good you will keep dreaming about it til the next time you go back . it is the perfect date place . so romantic excellent views and relaxing ambiance . and kudos that the manager is there and is an honest to goodness italian man . if youre fluent in italian you can talk to him and  him how great his place is .
__label__pos   nngreat food and service . nnthis  is fine dining with an emphasis on  being a new dad im new to this not bringing your new born to nice restuarants and honestly dont believe in that . she is going where i am going . nstaff did not skip a step brought hot water for the bottle no dirty looks . nnthought the  was great and fairly reasonable for upscale dining .
__label__neg ive been coming here on and off for the last 10 years or so . ive  the  go downhill in the last two or so years . lets start with the booths . some of the  are so in need of new upholstery . they are torn up and it  like you are  on sharp objects . they are in need of new table clothes as well they are worn through in some places . nni had dinner here last night with my wife and kids . the drink cups had rough edges on top they are plastic and are in need of replacement . french  were undercooked and chicken fingers were pretty blah . chicken  sub was decent.nnpizza is still very good here but i wont be back anytime soon until this place gets some love . please spend some money and make it look nice again .
__label__neg  me  by saying ... .i used to be a big fan of this place . i would bring visiting friends there recommend it to my clients from out of town as a must visit and eat but that was years  . when service was top notch the portions were plentiful and the food was great.nnnow when i receive a plate here pulled port sandwich i wonder what happenednnmy food was absolutely tasteless and the sweet side potato which i paid 4 pricetaxtip ... .or should i say my half a sweet potato was clearly cut in half to add to the bottom  . its a  cry from when they served decent portions of tasty food . it makes me wonder what other  cuts they have considered . i didnt realize there was a national shortage of  potato and a well dressed cooked potato could cost me over 8 american dollars.nnwhen i asked the manager about the portion size he simply stated thats how we do it.nnthank you but no thanks
__label__neg this is a follow up to my previous  of this shop  in january 2011. this past weekend the water pump in my outlander went out . this is the same water pump that was replaced at the time that dave replaced my timing belt the one that broke 13000 miles after he replaced it ... . so now about 20000 miles and one year later the water pump also has to be replace again . as does the timing belt the third  i have replaced it in the last year thanks to contamination resulting from the water pump going out . nnthe mechanic that  the water pump was kind enough to bring it out to me and  me that it had been sealed with an excess amount of silicone rather than being installed properly with a good fit .  to say i still do not recommend the
__label__neg needed a strap repaired on my delsey computer bag . this was a warranty repair . easy job right i dont think so left my bag there on a monday ... mike said no problem give me  wed.  all the way from westside on wed. to pick it up . took them about 30 min . to find the bag store looks like its been hit by a tornado . guess what repair not complete . then mike  you know what give me til fri. and ill have it ready . why did i believe him in his disorganized shop . come back fri. took 20 min . to  bag guess what repair not done . mike apologizes again for sure monday . well i didnt come back mon . i went on the following tue . thats 2 weeks to fix a  strap . the job was still not done . i took the bag and  all the customers in the store how i felt . no one should do business there . nonprofessional and very bad customer service . he definitely does not know how to  a business . i wish there were negative stars on here ... i give him a negative 5  .
__label__neg we came here for lunch and used a restaurant.com coupon . with the coupon the prices  ok but the menu prices are high for the quality of the food . i live in california where we have access to tons of mexican and mexican so perhaps that colored my opinion . nnwe ordered the quinoa fritters which were a little oily but had a great flavor . my husband and i split an order of three tacos and  you can mix from the tacos listed on the  which was a nice way to sample more . we had the avocado ok kind of dry the carnitas pretty good not exceptional and the chicken panucho extremely oily no real flavor . this came with beans and rice red and  which were ok. this was easily enough for the two of us to share . nnour dining companions ordered the three tacos shrimp and yucatan pork were both deemed good cant remember the third and the border classics chicken panuchos and some tamales and empanadas which was also good . nnthere is a .50  for water which i thought was odd it  still or sparkling water . service was very good .
__label__neg came here with a large group of 8 after the mj cirque  soleil show . while we were seated promptly it took forever for any server to come and give us water . we decide to order the  which was bland and lacked any flavor besides a strong onion  some spice salt and lime was needed.nnunfortunately the meal was far from redeeming . i ordered the beef quesadilla . the outershell was  in oil and unedible and it was loaded with so much cheese that it overpowered the beef so i ended up picking the quesadilla to push  to the  except for the beef which was  well but could have been seasoned better.nnit had an expansive menu which was  for people who have a wide range of preferences in food however that was unfortunately the only good thing i experienced at border grill .
__label__pos border grill is an oasis of calm amidst the hustle and bustle of mandalay bay . in need of a gluten free lunch during the awea windpower conference i found this charming spot near the convention center grabbed a seat at the bar and  to relax and let the excellent staff  care of me for the next hour.nnalmost everything on the menu is or can be made gluten free . the chips and salsa are a nice way to start your meal and i washed them down with a handmuddled traditional mojito . deliciousnnthe bartender recommended the border classics for my meal . this tasty sampler plate is a good way to try a little of the mexicaninspired menu . you get two chicken tacos two plantain empanadas and two   tamales . i enjoyed every single  . highly  even if you dont have a gluten allergy .
__label__pos previously my wife and i had been living in the town of lancaster in california while there we got addicted to an allyoucaneat sushi bar  big tuna . best place we have ever been excellent sushi excellent service excellent ambiance . since moving to vegas though we have been searching and searching for a place that comes close to matching it and while we have not yet found such a place we both agree yama sushi comes decently  . nnthe sushi is well made and comes to you  quickly . while we have been to some locations where the sushi comes back to us at room temperature ick the sushi here is still nice and cool . my personal favorite is the garlic tuna while my wifes  is the baked green mussels . the rolls are all pretty good we have yet to find one we didnt really enjoy though i do suggest being careful with anything that has  cheese because it can be overpowering . oh and it is all you can eat desserts as well love mochi get as much as you likenndownsides i hate it when you order a soda and they give you a can especially at an allyoucaneat place . i generally just stick with a water then . also sitting at the bar for any real length of time can be murder on your butt but it is the best place to be for the allyoucaneat  . nnall in all this is the best place for sushi my wife and i have found in vegas so far and we have tried quite a few . dont go towards closing hour and it should be a  experience
__label__neg my recommendation  dream rollnnthe price for all you can eat is really cheap and surprisingly the sushi is still good but i have to knock them down for the terrible service . my friend and i sat at the bar and was trying to yell out  to the chef but he ignored us for the longest  . the other customers sitting next to us at the  noticed it as well and even joked with my friend and me about it . i honestly was beginning to think the chef didnt speak english haha . eventually he decided to  our existence and gave us our dragon rolls etc . he never said a word to us besides repeating our order back to make sure he was correct . never even cracked a smile . this  was a straight robot ... ..but he made bomb sushi hahananother disappointment was that they were out of ice cream . thats one of my favorite  about getting sushi . finishing it off with a  scoop of plum ice cream . nif i was rating this place just for food theyd probably get 4 stars but since its based off of the entire experience yama sushi can thank their amazing customer service and stocked inventory for the solid 2 stars it just earned from me .
__label__pos   fresh sushi  a  no  rollnnone of my favorite  places in vegas . yum theres such a variety and for those who dont like the extra sauces and papers there are more plain rolls that are just as tasty and fresh . if theres anything worth mentioning is about yama is that the fish is always 
__label__neg i  to  going to this  for  until i saw a  roach walking across the floor the food is delicious but where there is one roach there are  more not  the 
__label__neg  was mediocre at best . only had 4 water  delivered to table for a 6top . had to ask 3 times for extra water still didnt get delivered . had to get up to get my own water . after i received my water the glass had residue from  cola still  to the inside of the glass . appetizers came out with the food instead of before . breakfast bacon was floppy  undercooked . when i sent it back to the kitchen less than a minute later the bacon came out again more cooked however unless they had 3 identical pieces of bacon  cooking in the kitchen they just threw the bacon in the microwave to cook more or they have bacon sitting under a heat lamp . my table ordered a grilled cheese with bacon . got back a single piece of melted cheese with a pile of undercooked bacon shoved between two slices of bread .  french toast . the toast was sogged all the way through with batter and completely undercooked . some of the food was ok nothing spectacular . to say the least this restaurant doesnt deserve the title of best coffee housediner from the las vegas review journal .
__label__neg my girlfriend and i came from texas to have a visit and had a fancy for olive garden . we  to the one nearest us and the experience was awful . we love olive garden in texas and didnt expect  less from home and when we walked in no one greeted us . the couple in front  had to speak to the host to get their attention and then she noticed us . we sat down and waited about 10 minutes for a drink then about 25 for our food order . the bread sticks were hard and tasted burnt . we got chicken scampi to share and it  about 30 minutes for it to come out . it was very  and small portioned . people around  are even  how  the service is . all in all a bad experience .
__label__neg 1st we used living  n2nd when we walked in the  its smelled like stinky old carpet 42913n3rd the waitress was bad got wine and no bread waited 20 min . no bread said to the waitress hey where is the bread waitress opps haha im sorry i  ..there was 2 other customers in the place   was  312 stars im being generous with my stars ... ..ni wont go back ... .
__label__neg i never would have picked this . however i had a dinner to attend with my coworkers and asked my hunny where he  me to stop to get him some food on my way home . nnpet peeve 1 the girl never told me my total . after she asked me for my payment i still had to ask her my total . she told me 16.00 and ran my card . i asked for an itemized receipt and never got one . oops too late . something fishy is what i think.nnpet peeve 2 i ordered a cheese quesadilla for my son . i asked if they put anything extra on it . was  no . needless to say i wound up with onions on my quesadilla . my year and half son was not happy and did not eat it to say the least . the quesadilla was very cheesy too  almost and was very very greasy . it oozed with more grease than cheese . thank goodness my son wouldnt eat it i am sure it would have gave him an upset tummy.nnpet peeve 3 too  of a wait in the drive thru . sure me being in a rush to get home to get ready for my dinner was making me impatient but when you go through any drive  you always expect speedy or speedier  . i did not get that.nnin  to the quesadilla i ordered a chicken burrito was just okay per the man . and i also ordered a carne asada super nacho . nothing was super about it and i mean nothing . the meat was  chewy and bland . and well i didnt make it past that . no thanks.nnall these 4 and 5 stars have to be some drunk posts or drunk eats because a sober mind would not enjoy these foods .
__label__pos i thought the food and service here was splendid we had sea bass and lamb chops . the  tapenade and homemade breadsticks were a nice accompaniment to our meal . i actually had to  my  to  some of the menu  who knew that sea bass is also called branzini nnthe food was delicious i just wished we had a more private seating arrangement . the ambiance of our seating was lousy as there was a table with young children nearby for 8 pm  dinner and loud party girls chanting over shots at the nearby bar rail . also we were seated next to a corner so lots of  were hurrying around . despite that the service was great and the  was thoroughly enjoyed .
__label__neg really disappointed in this place . was here for a business dinner so we were in back in the private dining room . it was a   so perhaps that influences my review but there was nothing in the meal that had any flavour . i  expect when going to a decent place that there is some  to the food so that i dont have to get my flavour via salt and pepper but sadly that was not the  here . while the  was great and very prompt the meals themselves were very dull and uninspired . perhaps it was just an off night but others at my table also felt the same  . with so many good places to eat in vegas not sure ill give this one a second  .
__label__neg ive shopped buffalo  in  and  and this location was a big disappointment . the clothes  overpriced and the store was  organized .  not even a sale  at this store .
__label__pos    food.nvery  flavors.nlove it
__label__neg if crappy is cool than why arent 3rd world countries flooded with hipsters i went to this spot because a  i liked was playing smile empty soul the plaza its located in is shady . they took the name and literally  it . the  that  was a mix of hipster douche along with frat boy mc  . theres a pretty cute  among the gargoyles . drinks are fairly cheap service was kinda slow even though they werent busy . its a relatively small space so when it gets crowded its kinda shoulder to shoulder . the  system was pretty good . the set changes were pretty quick . i probably wouldnt frequent this joint unless there was an event i  admired going on .
__label__neg  forever for my chicken noodle to come my husband had to get it himself . it was just sitting in the counter and when i  it i was cold ... im so mad right now never  back yo this place ever..oh yeah the last time i   to go here my husband  died from choking because there was like a bone or a toothpick in his santa fe 
__label__pos  fried  omelette..nuff said ... really  they have  and japanese  and we  have to  here when we visit the  ... you must try if youre in the area ...
__label__pos food is always delicious . get the eggplant di amore and you wont be disappointed there is plenty to  with enough to take more home.nnambiance is  . its always noisy and fun . there is a nightly  band that plays anything from sinatra to fats domino so  fun nnyou will likely wait even if you have a reservation . just knock the chip off your shoulder and enjoy . it can be about  minutes because the place is packed and no one wants to  their table.nnive never had a good experience with the limo service . you will probably wait about 1 hour for your return ride so be sure to request the limo  before you order dessert or request the check . the limos are old and the  doesnt adjust heat or ac so youll probably be uncomfortable .
__label__pos i have always been a fan of radio shack . ever since my dad had his own store in the  80s here in las vegas . he  send my sister linda and i electronic gadgets that we could use in germany . i still have my radio tape recorder speakers and a couple of other items and they still work nnthe radio shack we frequent is by  club on east tropicana . the most important thing for me is that the staff is knowledgeable and informed because i  have questions . every time i have been in this store i have had great customer  the store is well maintained and the staff actually like being there which says a lot for standard  procedures being followed and pride in what you do . kudos to  leslie and  . you heard me
__label__pos anthonymanagerstevesvc.mgr    servicegood  .
__label__pos the new  is amazing . jimmy carries just about every trade paperback you can possibly imagine . there are    in the middle of the  to let you sit and  to   .
__label__neg being from hawaii we decided to try this place we were so  the fried won  was like  gau gee  the meat . the duck was greasy and mostly fat the beef brocolli cake noodles lacking and manapua really  it was an off  but i do not  i would  again .
__label__neg i really try and support local hardware retailers granted this isnt local but its not big box as i worked at a small  back in school . however i cringe when i have to go here the staff hasnt been too friendly to me.nni ordered something  and for the longest time the tracking simply said the item had been  meanwhile i ordered something via home depot after ace and it came before it seemed like the error was the store received the product but never scanned it in thus i thought it was still in transit.nnthe past   ive gone there 1520 min before closing the employees are huddled at the  of the store and immediately ask me what im looking in not the nicest tone for because they close  . it just seems very pushy as ill go to home depot or lowes 5 min before closing and i dont get asked.nni most likely would have bought more items if i didnt  like they wanted to shut up shop early for the night . ill continue to go here for items on my way home but not for my main hardware needs .
__label__pos 4 stars for pizza quality.nnwould have given 5 stars if the shop looked less ghetto . im not sure if the shop looked any better they would make pizzas better than what they already have . nnqualitynjoeys pizza tastes good . if you are used to having a pizza from one of those popular chains dominos pizza   treat yourself with a good tasting pizza from here.nnoptionsni got a 14 large pizza with 5  five toppings for just 14.99. went with all veggie toppings . next time i will swap those jalapeno topping for extra olives or mushrooms . but nevertheless pizza still tasted good.nnvaluenwhat you get is definitely more than what you pay for . what was supposed to be a pizza dinner for two of us easily  for left over breakfast for next  morning having all veggie toppings helped for having it as breakfast.nnwould definitely go back next  i crave pizza .
__label__neg  and people just walk   its a  .  and  part not   .
__label__neg i   this gym always crowded . used to be crowded between the hours 57pm . now it seems  all hours of the day its jam packed constantly waiting for  and weights . not to mention nothing is ever reracked . oh the  bopper girls and the swagged out teenaged boys are the most annoying and take up a lot of the space standing in their circles around equipment . needless to  i will not be signing another  .
__label__neg i rated beijing two stars because the food was well prepared.nni tried the spicy seafood noodle soup . the seafood shrimp squid  mussel as well as the vegetables and noodles were all properly cooked that is not overcooked to the point of being unchewable or boiled into a mushy pablum . the problem was that the soup tasted like colored water . i doused the bowl with additional chile sauce with more and more salt with white pepper and still the broth swirled in the bowl like  unsteeped tea.nni also sampled the cashew chicken . the dish boasted the same attributes but suffered from the same irremedial flaw lack of flavor . oh the portion was huge piled with cashews but in spite of the colorful vegetables the thin  colored sauce tasted very much like the soup broth.nnthis is a family restaurant everyone but the  seems related . we were seated promptly of course only one other person aside from the entire restaurant staff sat in the restaurant.nnour table lacked  or napkins which the server did not bring when she served the appetizer . i finally had to rob the setups from another table . i did this as the seated hostess watched with obvious ennui.nni wouldnt  back especially since pin kaow a superb thai restaurant sits right up the  .
__label__pos 5.95   including  and   . they have the best sweet and sour chicken beating any other restaurant ive eaten in  chinatown in san francisco . i have been here twice and the service is great . i like refills on my drink and was always taken care of promptly .
__label__pos i shop at this location more often because it better stocked it feels like there is more space to maneuver around the  the store layout is better organized cleaner theres hardly  out of  . plus they have a better selection of nyx products herennthere is always a sales associates on the floor . ones who are real friendly and willing to help you . most are knowledgeable in hair and makeup . cashiers are pretty efficient and theres hardly ever a long wait . just so much easier to  here as opposed to the other henderson location.nnlike all ultas they carry both designer and   brands . although some of the higher end brands the product line is limited to the best selling items.nnuse their rewards program . it pays off . the last  i reached level 13..it only goes to level six i think . but they figured it out that i got 80 credit for fragrance which was pretty sweet
__label__neg i wont star this review yet . i ordered online today 122211 and its been over an hour and the food isnt here . it was supposed to be delivered by 1230 and its after 1 right now . they did call to tell me brown rice costs a dollar more per order which wasnt reflected on the site .  were off to a bad start but i will  with an open mind . be back eventually after lunch.nk back . the food was good but no where near warm enough to fully enjoy . i ordered the panang chicken very spicy and it barely was . they also screwed up some parts of the order . i figured they were busy because of a  rush but if you cant get the   down pat remove it as an option . seriously an extra goddam dollor for a pennys  of brown rice i wont be back sorry  house .
__label__neg  up   .  bathrooms with    almost always . all the locations are substandard in their  . some equipment is most of the time in some sort of service for long periods of time . maybe lifetime fitness will raise the bar in that regards . their az locations are very clean . ventilation systems are weak as well . either get a home gym or find a better spot .
__label__neg we stopped in here last night for dinner before first friday . the place was pretty busy and we were told wed have a a 30 minute wait . however it was closer to 45 minutes.nntheres a big couch in the waiting area decorated with  . the wall was covered with pictures of frida kahlo . i liked the look of the place and was  forward to a good dinner.nni ordered a chile relleno and tamal with pork in red sauce . my wife got a carne asada taco chile relleno and tamal with chicken in green sauce.nnwhile we were waiting for our food we were given chips salsa and bean dip . the salsa wasnt very flavorful and the bean dip was lukewarm . nnit took a very long time before we got our order . once we got it the  was lukewarm . the chile relleno was fine but nothing special . the tamales were okay but again nothing special.nnthe only thing i really liked was the carne asada taco . my wife got an order of flan . shes a flan snob and said it was one of the better flan shes had  only to her favorite at frank and finas cocina.nnwhile we were waiting to be seated i saw that there was groupon available for casa don juan . i bought it hoping it would be available to use by the time we were done  . it wasnt so i guess ill be back . im hopeful that well have a better experience if we  when its not so busy ... .ill let you know
__label__pos i have been taking my 2 dogs here over 2 years . my  go for checkups and vaccines . i always  in advance and there is no to little wait everybody is always very  and  . the price is just right they dont  to  you off . i highly  it for  .
__label__neg  hard to get in and out of for gas due to the active car wash and the dozen car wash employees running  all over the  . nn2 since its right next to a major bus stop its not uncommon for you to  hit up for  by a vagrant.nn3 pump  is easy to use and up to date . you just have to answer a ton of yesno questions on upsells before you can pump gas ... so dont come if youre in a hurry .
__label__pos excellent food . best  in vegas .  recommend for breakfast and  . the price is so good you would  the food would be  but you would be mistaken . am service was outstanding but the night crew  use some work . may have been an off  . still worth the 5  .
__label__pos    is     .  place for friends from out of town . the name throws u off sounds like a biker bar . all other reviews are on point . have you ever had bad garlic bread its a no brainier . so if your driving in from california exit early at south point and head north on lv blvd .
__label__pos this is one of my alltime favorite breakfast joints . i dont know why . the food isnt that spectacular . i think its the creativity of the items and large menu selection that sticks me . nntheres  two vegetarian  that are really good the veggie benny vegetarian eggs benedict and the  croissant with garlic mayo so good make me wan na  yo momma . nntheyre prices are a little  being a breakfast place in summerlin . and they get totally hammered during prime breakfast  so id recommend going sub primetime . they have indoor and uncovered  seating . nnget the coffee  . the kickin potatoes their spunkedup version of potatas bravas are supposed to be a signature item ... they aight . nn off the strip noncasino
__label__pos    .    and  
__label__pos had the  beef  . awesome   well seasoned pintos tender and lean beef all with a citruscilantromint  to tie it together .  soup   the worst of colds
__label__neg im not a big fan of best buy to begin with but this one seemed  than usual . best  typically has a pretty sorry  and inflated  and this location had both in spades . most of their inventory was cheaply made consumer gear with  high end for those of  that can actually tell the  in our electronics . the only reason they got the second star was because of their  . i talked to 3 different people and they were all very courteous and polite . at least they have that going for them .
__label__neg the casino stinks of smoke . the steak  is good and great  but the rooms have nicked and broken furniture in the  rooms . i realize times in vegas are bad but there is a point that you need to invest in you hotel.nnthis  is an ashtray . 10 minutes in the casino is like  2 packs of cigarettes . even our  was complaining and have a hard time breathing.nnboyd gaming should be ashamed of this dump hotel . nnone last  the coffee shop sucks
__label__pos beautiful decor . none of my favorite salads . avacadoe on the bottom  with  with a  top . for an entree i love the lasagna and the osu buco  my spelling .  is  . ni   .
__label__pos my husband and i  our sons rehearsal dinner at spiedinis . i worked with tonya to plan the event . she was delightful and very  . the evening was so wonderful . i had nothing but rave reviews for the food and service from all of our family . there were  of us so that is high  . the chef gustav mauler was  and was on site to keep things going smoothly . nni recommend them to anyone looking for a wonderful evening and  food
__label__pos  little breakfast place . my boyfriend and i  to give this place a  on a  morning . ni got an  with bacon cheese and  with a  of hollandaise sauce .  me a of cute little diner .
__label__neg my boyfriend and i went there for an  quick lunch food was  wait time for the food was  . the place wasnt busy there was 2 couples other then myself and my boyfriend there . we ordered ... ..20 minutes later we got  rolls . the rolls were  so we decided to order some more ... .. waited  2530  . food was okay not worth the wait though . so our quick lunch turned into a really long production . probably will not  back .
__label__neg under new management ... ... john the  owner  to favor the chop  business model .  files not washing the tubs  for every little  and shitty work . i prefer the customer  model from the  and amy days . im following lilly over to lv nails on eastern .
__label__neg i ordered pizza for pickup once i arrived home i realized there was hair in my food . i simply  back to this  and asked for a  and for them to deliver it to me . i didnt think this was to much to ask  it wasnt my fault . i was told thats wasnt an option all while being super rude and when i asked to speak with the manager was told there wasnt one even tho when i picked up my pizza i clearly  a man with a  red  shirt on which was different from the rest . they need to work on customer  .
__label__pos i took my cat here for boarding and they were so good to him . he is a very mean tempered difficult cat when away from home and they were still very kind to him and did what they could to make him feel comfortable . they were very nice when i picked him up helping me  him  in his  and  me feel  about him being so difficult . very  and   . facility is very clean . i would definitely return .
__label__pos kennywood isnt a big corporate mega park . thank god for that.nnwhat does kennywood have that the corporate parks dontnaffordable  pricesnquality park food and affordable prices potato patch hellona fun atmosphere that isnt dominated by arbitrary rules and policiesnclassic rides that you cant find anywhere elsennkennywood doesnt have the most roller coasters but who cares the rides that the park does have are downright fun . seriously have you  been on a wooden coaster at cedar point or kings island ouchnnif you want to pay for a closein parking space thats cool if not thats ok too . at kennywood you can bring your own picnic lunch into the park . unlike the corporate parks i never feel like im being  or taken  of while inside the gates.nnthis park has stood the test of time and it remains one of the best in america . ill happily skip every six flags and cedar  owned park on my way to get to kennywood .
__label__pos that was  one of the better museums ive been to . make sure you bring your  id or at least  you  to bring it.nni never buy museum gift store stuff but i bought stuff here . kinda like   or spencers gifts but with quality sardonic wit.nnthe  kinda sucked but we were starving.nngoing with a friend who is either a homophobe or a right wing republican increases the fun factor by a  .
__label__pos this was truly one of the most interesting trippiest things ive ever experienced . nnwhen the beau and i decided on a onenight stay in pittsburgh we knew right away that the warhol museum was on our mustdo list . we saved it for the last activity of the  and strolled around eyeswideopen speechless and entranced the entire time . i think the only thing that made us giggle a little was whole oral sex with a nanner flickbut  we never claimed to be mature . nnas you already know this building is packed floor after  with mesmerizing works of art photos  and information about the interesting life of andy warhol himself . in fact i would have loved even more nittygritty info about his short time on this earth . im not sure ive ever taken so much time in a museum to make sure i read every minuet detail . nni know its  clichu00e9 but the silver cloud room blew my friggin mind . i must have stood in there for like 10 minutes just staring at these floating pillows of silver crash into one another and wellme . what a simple yet deep and interesting concept . nni loved the rooms painted all white with just a few of his paintings hung . you just sit on the bench in the middle and soak in your own interpretation . i sat in the skull room and just looked up in awe . nni really think everyone should experience this museum at least once in their lifetime . the work of this fascinating man truly spoke of the art and times of our generation . it was new different and left so much room for individual interpretation . i think thats what i love the most . warhols work doesnt  you what to think it lets you figure it out yourself . nnone thing i could do without would be the pretentious preteens running the admissions desk . yes i  im not wearing skinny jeans glasses and a hipster outfit but i still appreciate  . get over yourself .
__label__pos this place  out all my favorite  of my adhd . there are things to  see    and hear . you can sit on art . you can watch videos . you can make art . you can learn about history . you can stand in a room full of mylar balloons blowing all around you . you can  all about how aw made art . you can be in the exploding plastic inevitablennmy inner beagle is satisfied .
__label__neg i always enjoy my visits to pittsburgh . i was especially excited to  after finding out there was a great place for breakfast that was on the travel network man vs. food . i am a true food lover and food network and travel channel must really love pittsburgh . they are always on man vs food and diners drive ins and dives . ni found out the hard way that just because you are showcased on a dandy  doesnt mean your food is up to par . njust to make it very clear i am a southerner . i did however go to delucas with my girlfriend who was born and raised in pittsburgh and surrounding suburbs . so i was  to look past the brash attitude of the person at the  yelling at my girlfriend instead of seating us . she however was pretty turned off by it . nthere wasnt a wait . we got seated pretty quickly after my girlfriend had to let the lady know we were there well before the ambush of people that poured in after we arrived . thats when my girlfriend got yelled at nafter being seated i was really excited about the food . the place was hoppin and the coffee was really  . the menu had a huge list of things to choose from . i thought it was going to be a great place . i had really high hopes.nthe server we had was ok. not very friendly but efficient . she was the shorter of the two i saw . we  of wished we had the tall girl . she seemed a lot more friendly . nwe didnt wait too long to get our food but when we got it you would have thought it would have  a couple hours . i got the biscuits and gravy one of my favorite breakfast foods and potatoes . they were both stone cold . the gravy on the biscuits was more like a soup and the potatoes were well cold . i really couldnt get passed the fact that my food was cold . nmy girlfriend got the california omelette with potatos and fruit with the italian toast . she like the fruit and toast but that was it . i almost choked on my sausage gravy when i saw her omelette . it was practically black . i know sometimes people over cook eggs . its not cool but it happens . how do you even send  out that are practically black . i guess at least it was hot . her potatoes needless to say were also cold.ni was really looking forward to eating at a delicious breakfast place in pittsburgh . i was disappointed .
__label__neg excellent service horrible food plus to many hidden addon to the check sauce for my calamari extra without   zucchini strips sauce extra blue cheese for  extra etc i ordered lobster ravioli and it looked and tasted like plan cheese  . i  to check the  to see if it was a mistake in the   the order or they sent the wrong dish
__label__neg ive been to  in the past and it was great . however it appears to be experiencing a rough go of it lately . i went for lunch and  the jerk chicken . the menu describes it as a tropical chop salad   tortillas mango pineapple cucumbers  cilantro avocado . what i received was chicken atop a  of pineapple with some slices of  on the side . the  of the meal was the wonderful chowder and some good wine .
__label__neg  chinese  ...  i   ... there wasnt   . the tom kah soup  bad . i would not go back .
__label__neg dont come here if you have any sort of time constraints . the only reason im not giving this place 1 star is because i didnt actually get to taste the food . i came here for lunch knowing that there would probably be a wait . but i was craving some chicago style pizza and i had an hour so i thought id be fine.nni walk in and  at the 2 workers in the place for 5 minutes . finally he asks can i  you something about the way he said it just rubbed me the wrong way . it felt like he  i was intruding  his precious time . granted the  was pretty full and they seemed understaffed so i just asked for a table . he told me to sit tight which i did . i sat tight for at least  minutes without anyone paying any more attention to me . an update on time would have been really nice . even just saying a word to remind me that i hadnt  invisible would have been appreciated . of course they were too busy running past me to say anything though . after wasting 20 minutes of my lunch break i gave up and left.nnhopefully i can come back and actually try the food . but the service here is really poor from what i can tell . the pizza better be amazing otherwise i dont think ill be tempted to come back here .
__label__neg i will say that i do go here though very sporadically . i gave it two stars but its because of my tastes which i will explain in detail.nnwhen i do go its always early in the evening . i dont like going to this bar when its crowded as its  crowded . its worth a trip if youre into the scene or are visiting phoenix and want to experience the scene . this is definitely one of the valleys landmark bars . if youre going alone and dont mind spending the evening by yourself i.e . peoplewatching it really isnt that bad . if you want to mingle with people this bar isnt a great atmosphere for that . people generally go in cliques and youll notice that the bar is  of cliqueclusters . it definitely is not one of the friendlier bars in the valley . it also  to have an  snob effect on people . nnnow for pluses ... amsterdam does have a beautiful outdoor area which is suitable for smokers . you can not only take your drinks out there but there is an outdoor bar at which you can get drinks . its a nice area to have drinks in the spring fall and earlylate summer . most of the summer it can  top 100 degrees even late at night and winter nights do get  . amsterdam does have a nice interior as well . they also have an extensive unique drink menu.nnamsterdam does have a different crowd earlier in the evening than it does late nights . if i were to  solely on the evening atmosphere and if that were my only experience i could honestly give amsterdam more stars . the dense crowds aside the pretentious environment and go to be seen atmosphere make it harder to enjoy . ive  gone to bars based on the general environment and comfort which is why its harder for me to make amsterdam a focuspoint on a night out . if im in the area and feel like a drink and its early in the evening i might be more inclined to stop in .
__label__neg let me start off with this i wouldnt eat here again if you paid me . nnwe had seven in a party and made reservations ... .  with the reservations we had to wait . i told the hostess that it was  to take reservations and then  people wait . after rolling her  she  three tables shoved them together and walked away . nnyou want to talk about a  yelp review nnmy party ordered one of each pizza on the menu . i am not joking . if this pizza is so good then we will try each one and take the left overs home right nnwrong nneverything was burnt and just plain blah . not one person in my party liked the pizza and promised never to  back here again . nnthe prices are preposterous the people are pretentious and the pizza is pitiful .
__label__neg dont believe the hype . im  the only reason this place gets good reviews is that people are too embarrassed to give it an honest review after they just waited 3  for a crappy pizza . coming from new york and connecticut where the  pizza spots are patsys in ny pepis in ct im here to tell you that this place is not worth trying no  what people try to tell you or what you read . the pizzas are tiny gourmet pizzas and the  literally fell off my slice as i tried to eat it . nnsave yourself the time and get a much better pizza go to grimaldis in either old town  ranch or i think chandler too . this place is actually  to patsys in ny and serves a much better traditional pizza that you dont have to wait so long for .
__label__neg years ago i went to try this place because it was supposed to be the absolute best pizza you  get but when i  up there was a line out the door and i didnt feel like standing outside and waiting and i never attempted it again . nncut to today around lunchtime and i happened to be in the area and it was open no lines . decided to go in and try this amazing pizza . talk about being underwhelmed . the pizza is expensive and frankly its just not very good . i would believe its very fresh and the ingredients are good but the end result is a very soso pizza for too much money . we ordered a total of 5 pizzas which are all about  and 6  a water a coke and 2 teas and the bill was 97 and change . for that kind of money i expect an amazing  . nnthe service was very good and they were fast and  but otherwise there is no reason to go there . of the three different pizzas i tried none of them were exceptional in any way and no one at the table seemed to enjoy their food very much .  i missed the train on this place by waiting so long but i see no reason to go back .
__label__pos    ... up     food . i took a business meeting here last night and the  was
__label__pos visiting from ca and this place was recommended to us . we went in for lunch and the customer service was great . this was described as a frenchmexican restaurant . after eating there i  . the mexican  were present with a french  . we had the fillet  and the nogadas special . i really enjoyed the  of uncommon ingredients such as  and almonds . n  portion  and worth the money .
__label__pos i dug my latest experience here friday night . i hadnt been by in a few  but lola coffee had locked their  at 830pm wtf so lucky for me lux is right down the street . it wasnt too busy although there was a very steady stream of people in and out . i had a small nonfat sugar free vanilla latte 4 and picked up a homemade oatmeal creme sandwich for 3. nnpluses i love the msmatched kindof random decor that makes you  very comfortable . free wifi and a wide variety of baked goods . i can always be sold on baked goods . this might be a weird plus but i was totally loving their ice water with fresh oranges inside . i am probably the only person that never had this before but who cares i loved it . totally refreshing on a hot az night . nnneutral the  werent exactly friendly but werent rude either ... just kind of indifferent . hmmm correct that they were very friendly with the regulars but i sortof felt unwelcome at first but i quickly  over that . nnnegatives the music is too loud . maybe that was intentional towards the end of the night but i was having an extremely difficult time focusing on what i was studying . dont  me wrong i loved the music but it was a bit much . okay alot much . nnbottom  this is still a great little local coffee shop and i might be stopping here instead of lola next time ...
__label__neg ive been to lux twice since theyve made the move next door and i figured it was ok to give a review . i have been to lux countless times over the last few years . it has always been the place to see and be seen with coffee service that is definitely above starbucks but i will admit struggles in certain areas . nnlux in its former space was a small shop always packed and definitely had its crowd . if you werent a part of the crowd youd receive a look of hey who are you look  that and hop in line for a cappuccino and it would make up for it.nnthe new space well ... it caters to the exclusivity of the hipster crowd . walk through the door that you think is the entrance ... and wander around . the kitchen espresso bar and cocktail bar are all broken up and there is no definitive flow of service . also is that a customer wearing the tight jeans and cardigan or is that the staff who knows luckily i have a friend who works there and was kind enough to show me around and how the flow of service works . if youre not that lucky best of luck to you as youre  to your own sense of direction as how to order sit down etc . from what i gather you can order an espresso drink and sit wherever and theyll call your  when your drink is ready . however im not sure about the cocktail bar . the only way i think you would order would be by sitting at the bar not sure about ordering food from the kitchen.nni will admit i havent ordered any food from lux yet apart from a pastry for my coffee . i had a croissant which was pretty good and went really well with my cappuccino . im a fan of a freepour cappuccino however the cappuccino that i was served on this visit had the  scooped on top . this confused me because i saw other customers order a cappuccino and get one freepour . maybe it depends on the barista kind of inconsistent . i did sit down at the awkward cocktail bar and order a drink . the bar has normal height seating and a raised bar for the bartender . its awkward when they lean down and tower over you to deliver a drink . anyway i ordered the number 47 cocktail with gin green chartreuse st. germain lime mint and cucumber . im a huge fan of green chartreuse and gin so i was excited to try it . they didnt have any cucumber in house so they made it without it . jeff the owner commented well today its just the 46. hmm ... alright . so i took a sip of the cocktail . it was decent . nothing exciting at all . it was overpowered by the mint and the lime in the cocktail . it masked the green chartreuse too much . it really needed that cucumber to mellow out the mint and lime so you could taste all of the ingredients.nnoh well ... what can you do when the owner doesnt seem to mind that ingredients are missing nnoverall props to lux for being busy at 3pm on a thursday afternoon and being a successful  which may be from the same established clientele from before the expansion . the coffee and pastry has remained the same which is ok with me . however the cocktail bar tries a little too hard i think . also the decor and vibe has definitely turned lux into the hipster mecca and excluded the general public from its demographic . which i cant complain or  too much because they are doing just fine . the flow of the restaurant is choppy and confusing and the staff is less than considerate with a few exceptions . theres my  cents for whatever its worth .
__label__pos okay so i admit it . sometimes i get a stubborn idea about not wanting to go to a specific establishment due to a fierce loyalty to one of its competitors . it  me a while to cave on this one . too long in fact.nneveryone loves lux and as it happens they have  reason to my latte was  delicious . the environment is great albeit   as far as the flow of service . nni absolutely love the patio area . this place definitely has a pacific northwest vibe that immediately resonates with me . the service was really laid back yet authentically friendly . i was far too busy enthusiastically catching up with a dear friend to take in all that lux has to offer . theres room in my heart for  after all so i shall return . my primary concerns  in were the  service and atmosphere . a for all in my humble estimation . nni was a little late to the party but i had a blast anyway .
__label__pos    and  . nnterrible   the light rail if you can
__label__pos hippest coffee  in the whole west coast . amazing coffee unbelievable ambiance and decor great    . did i  fantastic brews .  the atmosphere . luxs iced  drinks do damage . must visit even for  .
__label__pos  and delicious  cocktails .  coffee . fresh   ... try cartel  in  as 
__label__neg to  im  they went for a communal  when  this place but it has gone horribly wrong . it is extremely overcrowded it may have even be a fire hazard . the  atmosphere was extremely rushed . the counter worker was okay i wouldnt say  . my iced coffee was completely mediocre the apple cornbread was amazing .  con was that it was so over crowded we had to wait for a place to sit also  was a chore
__label__neg the juice coffee tea pastries are all probably fine . i havent had any of the food except the hash and that was fine . the staff sport hipsterish looks who are allergic to humor and happiness . no one even  hi or tries to crack a smile which is a bit rude but i dont even care about that . this isnt about the business itself but just the awful rude people who flock here.nnbeing that this is the only coffeeshop that stays opened later and has large tables its hard to not go here for the space availability . contrary to most of the reviewers here due to lack of understanding of what hipsters are truly like the majority of patrons are actually the type of people who bring their  in and pretend to study but are actually stalking their exs on facebook . real hipsters would not flock here because this place is too trendy and full of yuppies . i hate yuppies too but im not a hipster . i come to sew when my schools sewing lab is closed . not only do i have to sew for school but i will do it because thats my line of work . i even saw some chick knitting which made me very happy . point is most people  to come here to do something.nnnormally there are douches wannabes and plenty of pretentiousness and they often contain themselves to a certain area . i accepted the crudeness masquerading in yuppie or techie attire who dont respect your space or what you are doing and just interrupts you like you owe them your attention . no excuse me no thank you no sorry to interrupt . nothing remotely resembling any sort of respect towards others . i fucking hate being talked at . i am not someone who ignores people but due to the lack of people with good manners i had no choice but to learn to ignore those who are not polite towards me ... like the overweight beer bellied bearded  bon iverwannabe techie in the wordpress jacket who not only interrupted my phone  without acknowledging that i was on the phone but was rushing me to get out of my seat so his  basic white bitch gf could sit there.nngoing here is sorta like a test for people who have sensibilities that isnt as crude as gorilla toenails . that alone pushes me to try harder in finding other places that stayed opened later and had decent tables but attract more genuine down to earth people so i go here a lot less than before.nnbut what happened yesterday really broke this camels bac enough to make me never return.nni found 1 parking spot left in the lot at around 3pm and an overweight skank on goddessmode wearing very revealing leggings was yakking on her latest iphone was standing in the spot . i honked my horn and she said shes saving the spot . i told her thats fucking bullshit and these parking spaces are first come first serve there is no reserved parking . she diva hair flipped ignored me . oh . hell . no . i was ready to pull into the space take off my glasses get out of my car and beat that silly fat hoe . but no ... i thought rationally i should just roll up my windows and leave . i find a very close spot on the street and park there to scream obscenities for a good 10 minutes until my murderous  came to a manageable level.nnnever in my entire life have i had to deal with such stupidity over a parking space just because some lazy bitch would rather risk getting run over just because her fat entitled feet were too delicate to walk a few more seconds to a coffeeshop . not in boston and the drivers there are the creme de la creme of assholery . not in nyc and yes i was brave enough to drive there . not on the hilly foggy streets of san francisco whether there was a gay parade or not . and  not in my hometown of la where theres virtually no parking lots and you parallel park wherever you can . but yes this bullshit had to happen in an unimportant uncool suburban sprawl full of provincial assholes who never get out of this backwards state and thinks life revolves around mediocrity and mainstream mall crap.nnive already had more than enough .
__label__pos i have been coming here for over  years and  it the food is   in a takeout situation where theres a microwave  . is it the best food i have ever had no but the  chinese  atmosphere and family style dining are always a  .
__label__pos this is a humble eatery a pleasant surprise in the midst of a sordid neighborhood . the restaurant is chocabloc on a weekend evening . so it is best to arrive around 7 pm not later than that.nnas indicated on their menu they start preparing the food only after the order is  leading to a considerably long wait 45 mins to  hour . however during the waiting period their customers have quite a few occupations like looking at the  on the walls sipping margaritas devouring the  tacos listening to the loud spanish  or looking at what other people are eating . nnwhatever their  choose to do there comes a time when the waiter places the hot plate on the table they pick up the fork take a mouthful and then there is calm in the din of los dos molinos . in fact there is a near nirvana experience with every bite of the carnitas or enchiladas . nnat the end the brusque manner of the waiting  is  so is the long wait and restlessness .
__label__pos  a great  we  los dos 12x everytime we are in phoenix yearly . this time we gave the mesa location a go opposed to the original . food and service were  as usual however the food didnt seem as spicy as at the original   and the ambiance is not the same ... has more of the standard restuarant look and feel . not a knock at all ... still amazing food regardless
__label__neg  off was never    entire nightgfs tea was never refilled  brought out silver ware even after being asked to bring some effin silverware . no god for saken soy sauce plate which comes standard in every single friggin sushi rstrnt in the  world . our waiter after waiting for sliverware was seen sitting down watching tv . the music was absolutely horrible in the short amount of time we were there we heard a atrocious mixture of music consisting of sweet cherry pie ... .craig david crap country ... .80s rock ... ..maria carey love ballads ... .just horrible . no toilet paper in womens bathroom . on a lighter note the decor is cool too bad the music doesnt match the ambiance of the rstrnt the food was ok however they spilled sauce all over appetizers and still served it ... .the sushi was ok ... .worthy of two stars . the cod breading was overly salty however the fish was decent
__label__pos ok so i read a few of the other reviews before writing my own and i feel i have to  the following before continuing to my real review nndisclaimer i have never paid for food here . we always hit this place up when my family is in town and i have  seen the bill . nnsometimes the service is slow . when its bad its really really bad . but when its  its  notch . ni love the food here . i  the  . i have swiped my  share of the quality match boxes but im sure ill be swiping more before im done . nnlimited vegetarian  but i have always loved whatever i end up getting . the whipped yams are lovely . the drinks have the potential to knock you on your sandy ass . desserts are big and delicious . nni recommend this place . just have a snack on the way there .
__label__neg the food is really delicious but the cleanliness is the issue . the plates are always filthy the tea pots are always gross the silverware always have left over food . i have talked to brenda the  about this issue and she just states that the dishwasher makes the marks on the  i then preceded to ask her when was the last time she purchased them and she rolled her eyes and literally went to go sleep behind the booth  to the glass windows of the party room . it is unfortunate because of the quality of the food this  only gets two stars . but if you can ignore the disgust of the restaurant and the dirt literally on the tree as you walk in ask for john as your server he is always good at conversation he knows how to hype up a plate . nnbut always make sure you are eating off of a  plate and  how they  your food and utensils
__label__neg fuck this place.nnyes i said it and even after 6 years i will still say it.nnso the girls and i are on a tear it up vegas weekend . all very cute and sessy gals for the record and all gals who appreciate the less than finer things in life like fake boobied strippers overpriced  and titty bars . nnso we cab it over to the crazy horse too after hearing that this was the place to go . we roll up and instantly get static at the door . you cant come in without a date . um okay well we are a bunch of girls with lots of money to spend no but ... nonnso we walk a few feet away and regroup while trying to keep the temper of one drunky magoo down to a manageable level  the ahole of a door guy was especially rude to this one girl in our group . i  grabbing a few guys and rollin in with them . i mean who cares we can ditch them at the door but at least it gets us in . so we latch onto said guys and walk up.nndoor guy says nonni say you said dates these are our dates . we are in love let us in . mind you im drunk and his anger is amusing me at this pointnndoor guy says fine you can come in but that one stays out pointing to my friendnni say come on dont be that guy did mama raise you to be that guy she just really wants to see some boobs surely you can relate.nnapparently he couldnt but i also think he was suffering from mama abandonment issues and clearly wasnt loved  as a child but i digress ... nnhe then  that none of us should be allowed to come in . fine id rather not go if my friend is going to not be let in so just give us our money back and we will go spend it elsewhere rightnnapparently this is when the poor chap lost all sense of hearing as i became invisible and mute in his eyes.nnexcuse me i said well go . can you please just give us our money backnnhellonnummnnyonnretard roy then starts smirking and it is quite clear that the four of us who got in will not be getting our money back even though we technically never even entered the club . nni then followed up with calls to the  the next day that were to no surprise never returned . maybe they are in cahoots with prime time shuttle as their customer service seems to be pretty  on.nnso if you are a girl dont go here . if you are a guy have at it but why waste your money on a place that wont let cute girls in who might actually go home with you for free . just sayin .
__label__neg blah blah blah crazy horse this crazy horse that . ni  think this  has  completely downhill . nive been coming here since  and every time ive been back.. the girls look worse and worse . its turning into cheetahs ewwwww nni know most strip clubs have a certain  yup they do nbut this one really takes the cake . the  of  cologne and piss.. sexy nnthe girls really know how to hustle but it was getting a little desperate . we spent 40 mins in there and raced to the next strip  .
__label__pos  you dont look to high roller yourself why are you going to roadside motels . anyway i have been to vegas 6 times and am going to be their this month . 2 trips ago i stayed at the statosphere and it was a nice stay . i won 2500 on a elvis slot the dealers were nice and had a good time here . the  was clean and the  was out of date but not dirty . what the fuck you want for  bucks a night . i stayed at the  and the pool was the thing i liked better but i dont come here to  its to  and gamble . both start at the stratosphere i would not hang out here after  but will stay here any day .
__label__neg we stayed here since i booked everything through travelocity . it was only 45 a night so i couldnt say no . if i was in vegas for vacay id  staying at the bellagio or mandalay bay but i was ust cruising through and only gambled until 530am . ha . stratosphere wasnt that bad it just had a cheesy casino and i didnt feel lucky there so we went to gamble at the mandalay . still not very much luck but didnt really lose anything  . the front desk sai that depening on how busy the rest of the strip is the same hotel room can go from 40night to 400night . glad it was a random wednesday wit not  going on in town . nnour room came with free ticket rides and a ride to the top of the tower but we didnt have the time to mess around . it was  on the road and another 9 hours to ca . nnoh  nice thing was that there is a parking lot across the street afiliated with the stratosphere and there is always a security guard on the premises . although i couldnt park my car in the parking garage since i had a baby uhaul 5 by  attached to my hip i had to  at the other lot . glad they had that option though otherwise it would have been stuck in a bioch parking situation since they wouldnt let me valet .
__label__neg wow.. i smell a  happening here soon . this place is amazingly outdated . i mean   school .  dingy and just plain silly . the attractions at the top are more for gimick  than any real excitement . nni did enjoy the view from the observation deck though . i mean it was cool and you didnt have to splurge for a helicopter  . other than that this place is   .
__label__neg i stayed in this hotel a  nights and while it wasnt terrible it still left a lot to be desired . it is in a pretty good location between fremont and the activity at the south end of the strip but you will still need to drive or take a taxi to those areas.nnthe room we got was  and did not really have a view of  other than a wall . there were some stains inside the drawers and the tissue box was never replenished . and on the last night the showerbathtub drain cloggednntheres a 7.50 per night resort fee in addition to the regular charge that is supposed to  these amenities but obviously it wasnt enough this fee also  you access to the top of the tower which is listed as a 60 value . this doesnt include the rollercoaster and so all you can do is look around . thats cool and all but why would it even cost 60 to  up an elevator and once was enough.nnthe casino part itself is pretty decent and the buffet is an okay  for being on the strip.nnthis is not a bad establishment but as far as staying over here it could definitely use some improvements .
__label__neg  i was there 3 days2  i was  able to use the  ... same problem 5 years  ... good  for 40 the tower is the top..the gym no comment
__label__neg yuk  yukfirst room had   around the   and a cracked tub . second  was an upgrade but it was very dusty and there were blood stains  the jacuzzi . couldnt run the jacuzzi because of a default that automatically turn the shower on . oh did i mention the hair and stains on the washcloths uber nasty nntheres a huge language barrier with housekeeping and its clear they only spot clean the rooms . management doesnt care . you can really tell that the staff is there to get a paycheck and they dont care about making your experience a great one . the restaurants and nightlife are the only thing thats happening for the stratosphere . with so many bad reviews for this and other hotels in las vegas its becoming clear that vegas is going downhill . it definitely isnt the same from 4 years ago and beyond . i hardly saw people gambling at this hotel . really i think its time for other cities like atlanta to create a little las vegas . youll get much better service better recourse for problems that you may incur and an overall better experience
__label__pos  flavors great great thai foodni also like to come here for the   with a friend . its only ten  you cant  itntake your pick you cant go  unless youre like ben stiller in   polly .
__label__pos pretty  good.nnthe   medium was  good . my coworkers thought it was too spicy but i liked it.nnthe green curry was good . creamy.nthe tom yum was really  too . nnexpect spicy if you order  . or maybe it was just that day.nwilll go back .
__label__pos this is the most  thai restaurant in the us outside east asia we started with beef satay and as the peanut sauce and beef hit my taste buds it took me right back to bangkok . followed up with some fried tofu with an  sweet chilli sauce . the crispy duck in penang sauce was unbelievable ... the truly crunchy outside and soft meat was unexpected . the chilli rating from 1 to 10 was an added plus . i like slightly hot spicy and a  rating of 6 for the panang  was just enough to make it uncomfortably good  the mango and sticky rice was perfectly done ripe mango with warm  like slightly coconut flavored sticky rice . the beauty of lotus is the subtle seasoning that differentiates the   the extraordinary . portions were generous and service was very good . dont be put off by the strip mall entrance ... or the price 70 with tip for two as it is really thai food .
__label__pos great food very authentic.nnif you are from out of town you need to make a reservation at least a week in advance.nnnoodle with softshell crab is our  everything else was delicious also.nthe sauce the flavor ... . was incredible . portion is a bit small which is fine this way we have  to  other dishes.nni would give it a 5star if  the food alone.ni  it a 4star because the restaurant  the ambiance and the entrance are a bit outdated and stuffy .
__label__pos the food and service was excellent the waitor recommended the crispy duck in pagnang curry and the seabass and   and both were excellent . the restaurant is in a small strip mall thats a bit shady . and we  about   to be able to  a cab back to the  . id go back again for the food when in vegas .
__label__pos  if youre vegetarian and  asian food just go here dont think twice just go herennclean tasting thai food without the fishy or oily flavortaste.nnwe really  ourselves here.nnthey can make food super spicy so beware when you ask them to make it spicy.nnfood was on point . we ordered a lot of veggie dishes.nn fried tofun thai fried ricen  see ewn cashew tofun basil tofun yellow currynnnot one bad dish to report.nnoh one thing though they do add on 18 gratuity for big parties . so be prepared to fork over a large  . lol .
__label__neg total fail reservation made weeks in advance14 people for the hibachi table and 45 minutes later the manager joy i think her name is encouraged us to  on to another restaurant . wow really who does that nnwe had reservations for a birthday party and what a clustermess the whole time we were waiting joy thought we were another  . she didnt even have the reservations right . she was telling my guests that i didnt make the reservation till that daynot  there was a huge partywork presentation scheduled for 6pm going on in their roomscheduled for an hour when some of those guests were approaching the manager to just feed themat this time it was 845pm . yes . it sounds like a made up story but for sure its real.nnto make a long  short we did end up getting reservations with the geisha house on n. decatur and i must say the place was packed and they fit us right in . knowing what we had been through they went over and beyond to make a bad situation right . top  at the end of the night which ended up being late due to  latethe whole staff came out and gave the birhtday girl a birthday song to remember . the chef and waitresses wer tipped well as our bill was well over 1500.nnive been a long time customer of osaka and i think i am finally done  there . it used to be the happenin place and it just has fizzled out . i dont say often that i wont be back but being what an embarassing and disappointing experience i can finally say that they will not get our business again . btw there wasnt  any heartfelt apologies . so i apologize to you joy for your unwillingness to make things right and yet one more bad review for you . you had alot of first timers that definitely wont be back either . just looking at the other review i dont see how this place can recover and be what they were years ago .
__label__pos very  club . i had a friend who worked here so he got us in for free . good people    and fun music . the crowd is more  than most clubs which might translate until the people not being as slutty . if you love randompeopledancing this place is slightly  . still a cool  regardless .
__label__pos i actually really liked this club . i came here with a group of friends after a promotor lured us in .  got free drink until 1am and were free of charge which was great . the dj played a wide range of  which kept us dancing the whole night .  all this was great the reason why i really  it was because everyone who worked there was realllyyy nice which is surprising for vegas . the female bartender was  nice the security guards were polite and at one point the dancer handed me a napkin when he  a drink was spilled on me if theres one  i love its great customer service . this place definitely  that .
__label__pos i love red square and go there every time i go to vegas . the attention to detail that went into designing this place is quite impressive . the  is fashioned after and inspired by communistera russia and the bar is made out of dry ice . i have only consumed various vodka  here so can not  to the food but they have an extensive caviar selection to pair with their vodka selection which is vast . i usually get a straight dry martini with some kind of high end russian vodka . this  ice cold with a    olive at the bottom soaking up all the booze . i have yet to do the vodka flight inside the subzero vodka freezer but that will be next on the agenda .
__label__pos a delectable 5  meal elegant  wonderfully pleasant and attentive staff and a front row  of the bellagio fountains this is the life ... nni dined that this restaurant for a romantic evening during my birthday trip to vegas with my boyfriend.this restaurant is spacious and takes full  of their location with large open windows and beautiful floral drapes.nnthe menu contains cantonesehunan cuisine . my boyfriend and i noticed how meticulous their staff was they were ery well organized and paid close  to  . the highlight of our meal was eating their fried rice and miso seabass . no words could possibly describe how savory it was both were carefully prepared and lightly seasoned to perfection . we ended our night with some sweet  riesling and split a delicious but small chocolate temptation right before our show at the mirage.nndining here was one of my favorite vegas experiences . the ambiance is beautiful and their dinner menus are  to get any foodie excited . be prepared to spend a good amount of money here this is vegas after all.nnif youre in town and want to treat someone special to a wonderful dinner or if you just to bask in luxury at this fine upscale restaurant then check it out . you wont be disappointed .
__label__pos i  the   . the      zealand clams juicy duck meat and white chocolate marshmallows . all are wonderful tasty treats.noverlooking the water fountains and exceptional personal service hats off to chef hiew
__label__pos the sunday brunch at jasmine is a  everything gourmet all you can eat  truffle  tartar in a   lobster eggs benedict caviar topped mini waffles also a separate dessert room  brulee chocolate covered strawberries the price per person is  isnt  at all for the quality food you are getting cant wait to go back .
__label__pos been coming here for years and glad this place is still here . this was emerils first restaurant in vegas before delmonico steakhouse and table 10 both very good as well . nnthis restaurant has a selection of not only cajun inspired seafood dishes like po boys and etouffe they also offer more diversity with dishes like asian inspired ribs and salads.nnon this visit we were feeling quite ambitious . we started off with the cerviche there was a mix a fish and shrimp marinated in a tomato sauce and topped with avocado and chiles . this was served with tortilla  . this was a pretty mellowed down cerviche as it wasnt  citrusy . we also got a few raw oysters that were served with cocktail sauce and the traditional mignonette sauce . cant go wrong with these as they were very fresh.nnfor entrees the bf got the rock shrimp po boy . it was pretty good although i have to say the breading was a little thick . the cajun fries that came with it were wonderfully flavorful . i had a house salad and the gumbo . the salad was simple dressed with lemon and olive oil which was very refreshing . the gumbo was as good as ever served over rice and even more amazing with some hot sauce.nnfor dessert you cant skip the banana cream pie . this has always been my favorite dessert and im not even that big of a fan of sweets . i had tried to get this at table 10 last time but was sad they didnt make the banana cream pie . anyways this slice of pie is 8 ... but i think its worth it . its decadent and ridiculously rich ... but you only live once . the pie has a great graham cracker crust and a wonderful vanilla custard surrounding fresh slices of banana . its topped with thick whipped cream and  with caramel sauce and a few chocolate curls for garnish . my favorite thing at emerils for surennthis place would normally get 5 stars from me but the service was lacking . i originally had reservations here but the bar looked  and we were early . however after  the bar  up and our service was  much non existent . we had to flag someone down to get our food after someone from the kitchen delivered it to the counter for the bartenders . it wasnt the bartenders fault that it was so busy but overall the place felt understaffed . i recommend getting a reservation for this place as table service would probably be a lot better . lastly this place is pricey but for the quality and flavor of the food i  its worth it .
__label__pos i love this place . i came here a few years ago while shopping at mandalay place . i think it first opened at that time and i had a turkey burger .   ive been dying to come back when in vegas and i had the chance yesterday.nnon new years day during lunch the  was packed . there was quite a wait but we got seated right away at the bar in the  2 seats available.nni got a salmon sandwich on  wheat roll and the bf got a veggie burger on  bun . you have a choice of various toppings and i  avocado on mine . i also got my salmon rare . on the side we had onion rings and sweet potato fries . i scarfed down the entire burger and most of my fries and was stuffed at the end.nnthey have a great list of beers here both on draft and bottled .  i looked over at my neighbor at the bar and she had a bloody mary so i went for that instead . i got it spicy and it was perfect . cant wait to come back again
__label__neg overrated.nncan i just leave the review with that one word we visited burger bar because it was in the  that connected our hotel to the luxor so it was convenient . a  of mine also spoke very highly of their food so off we went.nnthe menu is much like kumas but the quality of the food is much lower . maybe ive been spoiled here in chicago but we have a lot of good burgers and burger restaurants . especially ones that make signature or specialty burgers . that said nothing at burger bar was particularly interesting or novel to me.nnthe food was good dont get me wrong . its not like everything  gross . i just think that the reputation of this place is more a  since this place is just a burger restaurant . nnthe food is duh overpriced since this is inside a vegas casino mall . the  were decent and apparently the booze shakes were excellent . order one of those and  me what you  . nnid rather enjoy the buffet at my hotel next time since its cheaper and offers a larger selection of  foods . meh .
__label__neg   . one  and      mad . three servers standing in the back talking the entire time . thought strange enough to clock the time from ordering a draft beer and 10 minutes later reminding them to please bring the draft beer . burgers were good not great . never did get a water refill . wont be going back . too many other good places to eat nearby . disappointing and slow slow slow .
__label__pos   of mesa   for lunch . nntheir menu is very reasonably priced for a fancy casino restaurant and although their menu isnt extremely extensive they have quite a few dishes to choose from . on this occasion i shared a  burger and a swordfish club with fellow yelper . the burger was extremely moist and delicious . this was  dates favorite dish . the sandwich was really good . filled with tons of avocado bacon and swordfish between two slightly too thick slices of bread . the french fries were perfectly seasoned.nnwe finished our meal with a slice of coconut cake and the mango rum upside down cake . both were fantastic as well.nnservice was great . our glasses never went unfilled and the waitstaff was extremely attentive . i highly recommend this place .
__label__neg i went here on friday  21012 las vegas . the waiter  us into the pork tenderloin and rabbit . the pork was ok but the rabbit was  and awful . the margaritas were not  . this place is way over  for below  food . bobby flay should be  .
__label__pos visited mesa recently and was nicely suprised . we came without reservations so we had to wait about  minutes but when we  to the table the service was amazing and the food was awsome i order the cioppino with green sauce and that  will always remain in my  how good that was . they were serving soem rolls with jalapeno and they  great i want more . i have been to ther   restaurants paid a lot and been dissapointed read mario b. but  really delivered with this one son had the lobster tacos tiny but good .
__label__neg some friends came to vegas and wanted to go to mesa . it was kind of  minute and since it was saturday  i figured i better call and make a reservation . they  us down for 600. of course the traffic was  so i  back and asked if we could change our reservation . they informed me that since i didnt secure our reservation with a credit card that we in fact didnt have one . the person i spoke with on the phone was not helpful and very rude . she proceeded to argue with me about whether or not i had a reservation till finally i asked if i could just please make one . i made the new reservation for 630 and she let me off the phone without a credit  . then when we arrived at the restaurant the hostess rudely told me that we didnt have a reservation she was adamant about this till i pointed at my name written down on her sheet next to 630.nni had a beer corona or tecate the  tacos appetizer and the sesame crusted ahi . it was alright . the portions were very small . my daughter had a cheese quesadilla and milk . the bill for just myself and my daughter came out to 100.nnthe  was good but there wasnt a lot to it .
__label__pos bobby flays place is exactly whatd youd expect from the southwest flavor king . i ordered the   soup and  it was  and delicious for the main i got the spiced pork tenderloin sandwich .  a must  . you have to come to his place with the expectation that everything will have his  kick to it . nni came on a tuesday day time and there was still a small wait for lunch . i recommend calling in a reservation if youre  in for dinner .
__label__pos this restaurant was great . i loved the  it was in a part of  that i had  been to . i loved the  it had a great variety of spanish   tails and  other things . it was great  .
__label__pos i really like this place sure its busy and youll have to wait for a table but its totally  it . i first visited this place about a decade ago when it was a much smaller place and not as well known but theyve always paid special attention to the food and beer selection . i was here yesterday with a larger  of friends and we had a  . we didnt have a reservation and there was about 8 of us so the wait was about 45 minutes . great  to have a few belgian beers prior to lunch . we ordered some fries with bacon and  and also some fried mushrooms as appetizers greasy goodness the server was really good she definitely knew what she was talking about with respect to beer selection and was very generous in offering samples of different delicious beers . she was friendly  and then had a beer with us after her shift was over . the wings are a must have when you visit . my favorite item on the menu is the chargrilled wings which are delicious . they are baked and then grilled so they are not greasy at all and are actually probably relatively healthy for you ... relatively ... the garlic parm wings are also great and i suggest you definitely try these as well . i also ordered the steak and egg headwich which is definitely as big as my head . it was enough for three of us to share along with the wings . and to top it all off as if 6 belgian beers wings steaks and eggs werent enough we also tried one of the desserts cheesecake which was a little better than  . overall this place has one of the best beer selections in town and probably the best bar food in the burgh . its a  visit when you are in the city .
__label__pos was  good      my  and we exhausted got up to bar order beers and wingsreally good ... woman next to me suggested i order the voodoo burger  choice if you like hot n spicey ... it was a flavorful and hot ... great hang out
__label__neg   . too    .  an appetitennid much rather eat at uncle sams
__label__neg im a middle of the road fan of mad mex see my review of the robinson location if youd  for more details but wanted to provide a review  on the location and ambiance of this branch of the restaurant.nnshort answer it may be the worst mad mex location and heres whynnthe restaurant is consistently too  winter or summernndim lighting through the restaurant not in the good ambiance sort of way or blindingly  where the only window is locatednnsuper awkward  first you get to brush your butt past your tableneighbors face when you sit down then it is your turn to show you theirs when they leave that is too close togethernndifficult to  a parking spot in the neighborhoodnni hate to sound  but it is true that when you cant feel comfortable in an environment it is likely that you wont enjoy yourself and that is exactly what  to me every time i have no choice but to eat at this location . try one of the many other locations for a better experience if you can
__label__pos    .    . moderate price . large  . will  again .
__label__neg were it not for low  budgets and inexplicable nostalgia for crappy dive bars it would be a miracle that this place manages to stay  . this bar sends a negative impression before you  order with a rude staff and ... lets call it   quality to  the more colorful  typically associated with a  negative olfactory experience .
__label__pos i love this place . the lunch buffet is amazing especially considering its  than 11 per person . they have a  variety of different rolls and chinese food on the lunch buffet . for the dinner menu they also have extensive  and a specials  that changes seasonally which is really nice . while the  menu is  pricier than the lunch  it is still reasonable . i recommend trying this place out if for nothing else for the  buffet
__label__neg i am really disappointed because we love this place . we havent been to eat very often but when i get a craving for spicy delicious rich curry this is the place that comes to mind . we seek it out during festivals and outings in the neighborhood . this time it just wasnt the same . the place was full and it looked like most of the people sitting already had something to  in front of them . we were brought half full waters without ice which struck me as  because everyone around us had full ice waters and all the people that sat after us were given full ice water so i dont know what that was about . we ordered quickly . i ordered the squash curry and my husband ordered by name the gang phet by name . we had ordered these dishes before and we knew what we were expecting we both ordered mediumhot because on a previous visit we had ordered hot and it was enough to make my eyes water which i like but wasnt in the mood for . we got our rice . literally 15 minutes after getting our rice my husbands dish came out about 7 minutes after than mine came out . my husband opened his pot and poured it out and it didnt look right . it had potatoes and snow  and a very very very light sauce not the  phet we knew . we let a server know that we thought he received the wrong  and she insisted that it was correct but when i got  i looked at the menu and it was not correct this makes me so disappointed why lie to your customers to avoid making them what they actually wanted and ordered his food wasnt hot by the time we started eating though it may have been because of the ice cold rice we were eating it with . my squash curry was wonderful but it did  more watery as did his . i guess we need to find another place to enjoy delicious rich curries from now on .
__label__pos its funny because six years ago my review would have been 5 stars . not so  now . i used to eat at dottys all the time at the old location . now that its moved i think ive been there once.nni love the   curds and the fries but now that its a sitdown place with  and stuff i feel like their kindofpriceyburgers should be like a meal thing . nni guess what it really is is that old place was a lot more fun . the  location seems like it has more of a i just drove my suv 40  to see a hockey game in madison and now im hungry feel to it .
__label__pos i dont know why i havent reviewed opus yeti go there probably every couple of weeks.nnas a grad student i basically limit myself to their monday allnight happy hours but if i were in a higher income bracket id definitely go more often . yes theyre pricey . but theyre worth it . i love their cocktails both the fancy froufrou ones for example the butter up kimsounds horrible peanuts in a drink but it is delicious the ryans babylemony delicious the cha cha cha which matches my hair and the very simple wines which they have always obligingly let us sample before ordering and my personal favorite gin rickeys made with freshsqueeze lime juice.nni  appreciate the attentive service that we have always received . i generally go with other grad student types and some places i get the feeling that staff dont feel were worth their time but that never happens here . the owner recognizes meadmittedly not hard with my hairand she and the staff always  good care of us without being suffocating . last time i went she had a headband id dropped there almost a month previously that theyd been hanging onto  the bar for the next time i came innni really enjoy the atmosphere . i always like the music theyre playing once they played through the entire massive attack mezzanine album last time it was something i didnt  but pleasantly reminiscent of midcareer david bowie and the seating is nice although i try to avoid the little stools at the low tables preferring the benches.nnfinally if you are looking for a good deal you cant beat a 25 off martini flight during happy hour . just ask before you order and theyll tell you what exactly youll be getting . its a good way to  new drinks and a lot of alcohol for 12 regular price 9 at happy hour friend them on  for  special offerslast week they were doing a free drink after 8pm for fans .
__label__pos i have been coming here my whole life and it is one of those places that you will always remember . it has  very little in the last 30 years except i think it has had a few different owners . nicks is a classic greek diner with nicer dinner  steak fish fry a few greek dishes  . the food is always solid and straight down the  . i always have the basics burger or a turkey sandwich and they are totally fine . nicks   you stepped back into the  and i appreciate that the  decided to keep alive what is one of the coolest interiors in the us .
__label__pos   spot for      live music sunbathing plays ice cream and probably more things that i forgot.nnbring the kids bring grandma and grandpa . this its a great  for everyone .
__label__pos new ownership  states they wont  gift certificates issued by prior owner . am writing this review on iphone . great location . you can tell authenticity with the details e.g . beautiful sushi platter presentation printed thick paper napkin personalized printed chopstick wrap . had the salmon lover sushi  got 8 pieces for about 15 served with miso and  . for this price i expected 12 pieces . but i guess the  proximity to the university and capitol justifies the what seems to be downtown chicago price points . both salmon and  were freshly made .  was tender not chewy . except for price points i would have given 5 stars . would definitely come back and recommend .
__label__neg  and  of  .     music .  .
__label__pos awesome pizza in a   atmosphere  and  by far some of the  pizza i have ever had in my many  across the united states  worth a trip and a  to the scottsdale az
__label__pos by  the best restaurant  and italian  i have  eaten . my girlfriend and i ate or should i   ourselves here for lunch . the pizza was also very good and was even better the next day cold . service was a bit slow and they  for getting things or else i would have given this place 5 stars their delicious food  .
__label__pos when i first planned our latest lv trip last august i was looking for a hotel that was off the strip but wasnt too far off so if i wanted to visit places on the strip i could.nnthe first hotel that came up on a search was the orleans . i read some reviews and saw pictures and  why not . nnmy first impression when we got there was that it looked like a big carnival  boat . ive never been to nola but ive seen pictures and i swear the hotel looks like it was airlifted from nola into lv.nni love this hotel for the amenities . there are  theatres upstairs a couple of buffets and restaurants tgi fridays 365 steakhouse etc . theres a play structure that heavily guarded by employees if you  to  your kid there they do  though iirc theres a bowling alley too ... and to top it all off the casino is hugenntheres a shuttle that leaves every 10 minutes and takes you to and from  the street from the bellagio hotel.nnthe  is cool and actually credited us with one nights stay since we got there really late the 1st day and they gave our room away . ill definitely stay here again next time im in lv .
__label__pos i really think this hotel deserves a lot higher rating than it has . maybe all those yelpers lost some money at the  and are  a grudge . i lost some money here too but i cant  myself still loving this place so much . the rooms are clean and spacious and most importantly cheap especially on those busy summer weekends when you want to do an impromptu trip to vegas this is the place to stay . nnthey have a movie theatre  alley and all my favorite table games . the table minimum bet is lower than the strip too . also you dont have to deal with all the traffic with the strip . all the coast casinos have a bus that drives for free to the strip so that you dont have to deal with that hassle . also  forget to get the players card you lose enough  and theyll definitely bring you back for freennnnneditthe only drawback is the pool isnt as cool as some of the pools on the strip . hint go sneak into the nice pools on the strip  mandalay  etc
__label__neg just got back from a couple of nights in vegas for a reunion . the cheapo buddy who organized it picked the orleans as lead hotel . in that i had not seen most of the guys for 10  i felt it would be most fun to stay at orleans . this is a hotel that is way off the strip felt like a much older crowd as opposed to cosmopolitan where it felt like you were surrounded by 20somethings.. you need a car or take a taxi 1518 to get to most  . it is 2.4 miles to bellagio for example a bit too far to walk after having drinks . the  are dated no flat screen tvs water in bathroom has that sulfur smell new fixtures saved it a bit . the room i had was huge cost 51 a  which included tax and  feelike a mini suite . too much second hand smoke walking  casino sportsbook and restaurants no real barnight life other than gambling . does have a movie theatre and  alley as part of the complex . food and drinks cheaper than the strip for sure . would i stay here again probably not the savings on room is lost on cost of cabs and lack of other nightlife .
__label__neg  rooms .   hotel beds ive ever  .  up  on the floor on a couch   .
__label__pos i love the palms . this is my new  to hotel when  into  . i will still continue to stay at mgm when i  in .  it is off the strip they provide a shuttle for there guest to take them to and from the strip . the parking is free which is a major plus in my book . hotel  can even use the spa at the new tower of the hotel . everyone should try the  steam  . it is awesome and would be sure to cure any cough or hangover you may have .
__label__pos yes the water fountain is a   and it is still awesome . but trying to find a good viewing spot   at night in the summer it gets way crowded . the lobby with the glass chihuly flowers in the  is awesome and so is the  and botanical  with the flowersplants that change every  .
__label__pos the bellagio  cafe is delicious but expensive ... under a nice covered area you can enjoy a wide variety of lunch  in your swimsuit and  . by the time we sat down around 230 pm i was starving so i ended up sampling everyone elses food in addition to my own.nni had the teriyaki chicken lettuce wraps 12.50 that came with cold noodles  veggies and hoisen sauce . they were really yummy and a good amount of food . my uncle enjoyed the cobb salad about 14 that included fresh tomatoes  and yellow delicious avocado etc . my brother and  shared a tuna sandwich and a turkey sandwich with fries and cole slaw . everyone  their lunch selections and left the cafe satisfied and happy .
__label__pos i really enjoyed this hotel and would recommend anyone stay here . nnpositiven perfect location on the script.n brunch at the buffet was delicious and the line moved pretty fast for n a saturday at 12pm.n the room was clean quiet and comfortable.n the bath towels were big and soft unlike most hotels where they n are  and rough against your skin.n the service was good.n we managed to score an awesome room rate at 109 a night from n thursdaysunday . sign up on their website for the email deals . n at check in we were told there were only smoking rooms available . i n understand a nonsmoking room is not guaranteed but the bellagion worked with us . it took a few  of persuasion and finally we n were upgraded to a lake view room that was nonsmoking . yesn the pools are open year round . ive only stayed at 6 hotels on the n strip and every other one is closed in the winter . it was too cold to n swim but its nice to have the option if you want to . nnnegativen one of the bouncers at the bank was incredibly rude . we asked n him a simple question and he gave us the raised eyebrowsneer n combo . he muttered something and then  turned away from n us . i hate people who  like they are on a power trip by n treating you like dirt . my theory is that men who show no respect are n  in another area . n when you walk out of the lobby to the  on the sidewalk to the n right you will cross this  where many cars crossing ignore the n stop sign . be careful here so you dont get run over .
__label__neg yeah the bellagio was just okay i said it.. i think our main problem with the bellagio was actually that it was exactly what we thought it would be out dated grandure . the rooms were clean and everything was nice . it was just the sort of nice that would have been super nice 15 years ago . not out  enough to be offensive just noticeable . for instance what nice hotel still has a crt television . i know they have to have 3000 rooms so the 100 per room upgrade certainly adds up . nwe started out in a suite but it was next to the elevator and  every  that went up or down made a loud wooosh in our room . the next day we had to move because we couldnt sleep and the only option was to move from a suite with a king bed to a standard room with two doubles . we also lost what seem like insignificant amenities like full sized shampoo bottles and a sea sponge but those things make a noticeable impact when they are in direct comparison . nthe second main problem and we have experienced this with a lot of the 5 star hotels on the strip is breakfast . when you are out there for business twice a year on your own  no option for a quick morning coffee and muffin is a problem . the fancy pants french place is close but the ordering process with the 30 ladies behind the counter expecting you to know your pastry order before you have been  to see the pastries and then waiting another 10 minutes after that to actually pick your muffin up is so excruciating it makes you want to give up your morning coffee and breakfast habit.nif the bellagio were anywhere else it would be the nicest  weve ever stayed but it just didnt feel up to new vegas standards . it doesnt come close to the wynn vdara or aria and even our  especially after the demotion in planet hollywood treasure island paris and mirage were way nicer . ngo to the bellagio for a great  experience and a splurge meal but stay elsewhere .
__label__pos after living in las vegas for 3 years i am always reluctant to go back and spend more time there however when i am staying at the bellagio i dont mind so much nnthere are a million reviews for this place so i shall keep it short and sweet.nnmy room was beautiful and the attention to detail was outstanding . it is a huge hotel yet room service requests were always fast and the staff were very polite . lake las vegas blvd facing rooms are the best as you can watch the fountains from your own armchair and the music can be tuned in through your  .  mattress and dreamy pillows i could have slept forever fantastic bathroom with deep tub and separate shower which if your heart  could fit about 15 people . breakfast in bed was a treat and the  stamped with a  impressed me more than it should havennthe casino the pool and the grounds are well maintained and the location of the hotel on the strip is  . just beware there is a lot of walking  its a big placennroom tip  a little extra and get a lake facing room for a front row seat to every fountain show
__label__pos i remember staying here for a weekend and was expecting it to be too mature of a place for us young girls to enjoy vegas.nhowever this is  of the few times i was  mistaken . nstaying at bellagio was a great experience . the service from the front desk to the bell hop to the room service . everything exceeded my expectations.nthe room was quite roomy for 2 double  and even a  area . customer service went beyond  customer service with a smile would be an understatement.nbellagio ranks among the top places to stay imo and i would  this  to  planning a trip to sin city .
__label__neg a hotel well past its prime . it needs a major face lift . it has the feel of an old holiday inn but its a  . nnthe construction is shoddy . the  floor changes levels . you can see the joists of the   of the hotel in the elevator lobbies . classy lem me tell ya . the entire place has that musty hotel smell i noticed in las vegas there are two classes of hotel those that smell like  and those that dont . the rugs are shoddy . its far away from everything on the strip . the buffet is gawd awful . in fact id go so far as to say that whole back wing of the hotel is depressing . the lighting is bad old age home commissarycumtrailer parktruck stopdiner . you will be surprised to find that kenlration is not on the menu . it just tastes like it.nnavoid this hotel  none of the above bothers you . nnoh and they fleece you left and right . 14.99 per day for wireless with no option for cheaper multiday plan . nnthe more i think about this place the angrier i get . stay  . two  is generous .
__label__neg in its prime this hotel must have been the spot . after all elvis was in residence forever and top notch performers continue to mount shows in its entertainment venues . but i am not a fan.nni visited the hotel out of curiosity primarily to compare hilton hotel properties hilton has  that it is terminating its franchise  with this hotel at the end of 2011. i thought id stop in for lunch on my way to other sites . well that was kind of a  . there is only one place other than a  bar and a pizza hut to eat before 5pm.nnthere are a number of shops within the hotel including a couple of  salons chains . the casino contained in the hotel lobby seemed busy and i noticed there was a vip area.nni havent been in the guest rooms so cant really comment on them . i found the lobby and restaurant areas dated in regard to decor but clean.nnthis hotel is  to the convention center making is very convenient to anyone attending a large convention there . the monorail also makes a stop there which is important because its not exactly in the middle of the action on the strip.nni think this  had a government contract a point that may be important to certain readers . i did  several online specials with rates as low as 79night .
__label__neg dirtydirtyair   out of orderrestaurants   .
__label__neg this place has gone down hill since it lost its hilton brand . nnbasically it feels really worn down smelly and old . nni stayed in room 433 and it reminded me of a convalescent home bathroom for senior citizens . with  tile floors and anti slip rubber mats .  not up to vegas  by any means.nnback to smells . in my room it  like cigs sewage mildew . the variety changes overtime so it makes you think about the filtration or piping in the system . this company  to revamp its hvac system . nni want to thank the housekeeping crew for bringing us a iron replacement since ours broke . i appreciate the prompt  . nndont stay here unless you want to walk to ces or sema .
__label__neg i would like to amend my review since i  it from the first of two rooms that i stayed in at the lvh . my wife and daughter came from los angeles halfway into this business trip since she has family in the henderson area . i realized i couldnt  my wife and child to stay in this room so i  downstairs and asked if i could upgrade my room . when they answered that i was already in an upgraded room i briefly died from choking back laughter and then asked to be upgraded to a suite which was an extra 55 dollars a night and this was the experiencenntheres no fridge there was one in the cheaper room . the emergency exit sign is a laminated sheet of printer paper literally screwed into the wall . there appears to have been a shootout at some point in history based on the location of  large carpet stains located at the door sliding window corner and foot of the bed . i thought someone was jackhammering outside the room until i found that the noise was coming from the air  . the 3 of dust covering the air filter did little to dampen the sound . the shower was awesome huge and had like 14 shower heads which dispense either an arctic ice blast or hot magma straight from the center of the earth at your choosing . i left an expensive photo tripod in the  on the middle of the bed but the hotel and the lost and found never found it.nnthe  were still helpful and friendly and one of them now has a very nice tripod .
__label__neg not bad but we had major issues . if not for the good price and nice quality of the room i would have  it one  . lvh formerly the las vegas hilton is definitely not a hilton . it was old rundown in most  but the room we got was newly renovated and even comfortable when you first walk in . but then later you find it has issues . nnwe had an initial problem that we had our neighboring room  and their smoke got into our room . terrible when you are trying to sleep at 2 am or 3 am and your room is  of smoke and noise.nnthe other big problem is that the walls are paper thin . you can hear conversations and noise from all around . i could hear kids crying outside the  in the room next to us arguing and crying it was strange and uncomfortable . and the pool looked totally dirty . so many people you can hardly find a place to sit around or even stand in the pool . its not relaxing at all but seemed most people were not there for relaxing more to party.nnnot a good hotel and i was very disappointed .
__label__neg  use to be true to its name . no more  or  not so   . harrahs has made it just like any other hotel . nothing special . service is horrible and so are the rooms . nnthe beds are hard . the pillows are flat and smelly . the tubs are not cleaned properly . do not use the hot tubs the jets are disgusting .  on travel soap . nnnever again .
__label__pos the pizza from the   pizzeria is yummyneverything from mon ami gabby is yummyndecent rooms and  floornthe eiffel tower is fun to  up if youve   it beforenyummy  service as well
__label__neg this hotel has declined over the past  . we had a late check in and did not get the room we reserved . understandably since we were late  they gave us the worse room in the building . it was small and dark with absolutely no  at all . we were told by the front desk that we could have a room  in the morning we never heard from those at the front desk as promised . nonetheless we suffered through another night of noise and  banging from who knows what . the walls are paper thin so good luck getting any rest . the furniture can use a makeover as well the writing desk was burnt from  an iron i will not be staying here again regardless of deal they are having . the reason i gave it 2  was the  of checking in and the staff was very kind .
__label__pos nishishot doesnt take shit from nobody.nnno body.nnespecially at restaurants.nnso if you want to offer a ginger infused lychee martini . and it tastes like the vodka that comes straight out of my freezer . well . . . nnit sucks . it gets its ass sent back to the kitchen . nnand if you want to offer  on your sushi menu thats as stale as the talk threads on yelp . well . . . nnits unacceptable . it gets its ass sent back to the kitchen.nnbut if you offer . . .  and  and oysters and sashimi and black  and lions and tigers and a baby gorilla its vegas baby . vegas . . . that breakdances on your tastebuds and plays the drumline on your tonsils . nnwell . . . it gets its  sent to my dancing buddha belly . happy buddha belly.nn5 stars . a couple mishaps that got sent back to the kitchen and off the check . but the other food more than made up for it . including the baby gorilla . and the excellent good looking service.nnand about that check . well . shocking . stabbing . no thats not my heart . its my wallet exploding.nnso . . . 5 stars to my boyfriend for always knowing that im always better at being a drama mamma than  paying for dinner . nnokay so i had to wash his underwear for a month . its vegas baby . vegasnnnishishot doesnt take shit from nobody .
__label__neg ive read about celebrities going to nobu . my friend talked about nobu like it was a god of sorts . when we found out we had a table waiting for us at nobu i was ready to go and feast myself on its delights . we ordered the miso black cod salmon nigiri a soft shell crab roll the hamachi and jalapeno appetizer the mushroom salad a vegetarian cut roll and the  . to drink i had the cucumber martini . it was seriously one of the best drinks i have ever had . it tasted  it was made with lychee vodka and was smooth refreshing and not too sweet .  our positive experience ended there . after waiting an hour for our table we had ordered about 15 cucumber martinis and was dying for some water . we sat at our table and for 9 people 2 drink menus were placed on the table and then we were ignored . i glanced at the menus waited . our waiter came by and i asked him for waters all around and food menus . 15 minutes go by . we had no  and no menus . finally were given 5 menus for 9 people as he  me the last menu he left saying were a little short on menus . we shared our menus and within 3  he was back asking us what we were going to have . we asked him for some suggestions and he pretty much just brushed us off . we finally ordered the hamachi and jalapenos . before i could order anything else he rushes off . the next time we saw him he is dropping of a plate of hamachi and jalapenos . pretty much the whole night he just ran off with us halfway through ordering and as a result we were unable to dine together . i can only speak for the mushroom salad and vegetable cut roll . the vegetable cut roll was pretty good i mean steamed vegetables wrapped in a cucumber wrap with a little ponzu sauce . the mushroom salad was pretty gross . the mushrooms were varied trumpets oysters shiitake enoki . the sauce it was cooked in was sour and as a result made the mushrooms taste  . everyone else thought the hamachi and jalapenos were pretty good and they loved the miso black cod . everything else however they said was mediocre . mediocreness is ok if it wasnt coupled with poor service and a 400 bill . when the bill came we inquired about the drinks on the bill as we thought we had taken care of them all at the bar . his response no you didnt but you can just take it out of my tip . i secretly think that everybody raves about this place so much because they dont want to admit they spent that  money on a mediocre experience that you can get anywhere in san francisco for a quarter of the price . overall verdict skip it . the atmosphere is not really that great the food isnt really that great and the service should not be called service . the pros the cucumber martini was super good .
__label__neg  a  experience.nni   but  from the nobizzle . and i would be willing to accept 4 star performance from his executive chefs . but my vday date was simply flat on all frontsnnthe sushi was ok at best . nnthe appetizers were flat . nnthe dessert was probably the best thingnnafter dropping over 300 dollars i was seriously disappointed . nnif you are a casual sushi eater or a collector of brag tags then nobu is for you.nnif you are looking for flawless execution and sushi raised to a new level save your money youd get better sushi at bachanal
__label__neg prosn  locationn decent pricenconsnboring roomsnparking is in an open lot so stuff gets  off your  ... . nconstruction going on nlance burtons picture in your face 247
__label__neg stayed at the monte carlo this past weekend . monte carlo had its positives and negatives but all and all i probably would not stay here again.nnpros ncenter of the strip near ny   and excalibur also tram to belliagonpool dj was pretty good.nroom service was goodnnnegatives nrequested 1 king but ended up with 2 queens room had no frig.n 20 resort fee a day when amenities like pool closed at 7pmn rude lobby service.ntoo many  for their horrible night club the brand  haggled at  4 times a day.nrooms are mediocre restaurants are mediocre.nnif you want to be in the center of  i would only choose this for the location .
__label__neg monte carlo why did i choose to stay here must be that it is located right in the middle of the strip next to aria and the city center . this used to be my wifes favorite hotel in las vegas . dont ask me why because i honestly dont know . with many newer and older but  establishments on the strip theres really no reason to choose monte carlo unless you already knew that ... nnthe pool has a lazy river its not as long as the ones you might find at mgm but it is  enough to relax and  a moment away from the busy casino noise . you can also rental a tube as floating device at the service counter . but really thats all the highlights of this hotel unless you enjoy ... nncheap food court adjacent to the main elevators . if i remember correctly they have starbucks mcdonalds manchu wok rubios and subway . these are some of the choices that you might not  in other hotels on the strip . of  if you want to drop a few hundred dollars you can do at the casino unless you knew to ... nngo to andres the fine dinning restaurant of monte carlo . i have not personally tried it but according to fellow yelpers its a traditional french restaurant thats hidden  inside the casino . when food coma hits you might just want to passed out anywhere on the casino floor unless you already have a ... nnroom at the monte carlo which is nothing  nothing more a than regular hotel room with regular beds chairs and bathroom . very  but adequate for your nap until the thin walls allow you to hear everything your neighbors do . thats when you ask yourself why did i choose ... nnmonte carlo . must be its centralized location on the strip .
__label__neg i was excited to stay on the strip but was not impressed w this hotel . there was an odor to our room when we 1st arrived .  no good insulation and you could hear every living  from people in the hallways to your neighbor peeing in the toilet . it even   someone was entering our room but really it was   up their door . the shower head was rough and  my skin . the buffet was ok. its in the middle of the strip and location was great also had a great view of strip just not  id recommend it to others
__label__pos i visited  summer and for the price it was worth the stay . the room from what i can  was very clean . i had no complaints with it . the main reason we  on staying at this resort is because it was in the center of the strip which was perfect . i hadnt been to vegas since i was  years old so to me i thought this hotel was  and the price was perfect only paid about  a night . i cant remember the name of one of their restaurantsit was italian but the food was delicious . compared to the other hotels i thought their casino was the least smokey . overall i  enjoyed my stay here . i would definitely recommend this  to others and would even come back myself .
__label__pos i decided to watch to show when it came out as it was said to be the sensual side of cirque and it did live up to motto . i knew i was going to run into some sexual raunchy and of course half naked bodies  around on stage and doing some erotic acrobatic moves but ill leave that to your imagination . nnmmmmm ... .nnit was recommended that we book on the 2nd level of the theater because wed have a better view then the front rows  it was less expensive so why not the intro was unlike no other cirque show ive seen . the  was a tall slender drag queen that would talk to the audience and ask intimidating questions about who are they with and some sexual  that were provocative and  . all the dancers were talented and i enjoyed all the acts  the show ive seen all types of body types on stage full figure woman half  tall and small people and very attractive men and woman . i think it was suppose to evoke a sense of erotica sexual energy and being comfortable with the human body . i  every second of this show and still have some of the acts in my memory . nnthis truly was a sensual experience
__label__pos 8.01.08 its my best friends birthday so we wanted to enjoy luxury after shopping and eating at a freaking food court it was time to head to the beautiful venetian . i guess we came just in time we only waited about 3 minutes to check in.nnmarcela is her name she helped us out alot . nnme can we can get a room with a pullout sofa bednmarcela sure.nmy girl thanks.nme o the only reason why we need a sofa bed is because shes a pig . points to my girlnmarcela gigglesnme seriously shes small and only 4 feet 11 but man she can kick you off the bed.neveryone gigglesnmarcela yea she is a small girl..let me see if there is one available.nmy girl i need my space . nmy girl can we get a room that is high like up up up therenme yea pleasenmarcela  type type type we have one room available but its an extra 50 each night . nme and my girl sighnme nm thanks for checking i dont wan na go broke just to have a nicer view . nmarcela yea true stick with what you have . youre probably gon na be out partying most of the night.nme and my girl noddsnnmarcela knows vegas..anyone that comes to vegas stays in their room  2 hours . ha ha.nni had a tummy ache on the way to our room elevator . man lets just say thank goodness for that restroom . it was clean beautiful and located perfectly when i needed it.nnup to the 5th floor we go we didnt have a nice view but the room was beautiful . we were going to take a  but we already messed up the room in 2 mins . our suit cases everywhere we pull out the sofa bed and etc . nnfour stars still why although everything about it was lovely and marcela was great there is one big big downer the room has not been fully cleaned . we didnt have enough towels the robe from the closet was missing our iron didnt fully work and it damaged my  there was used qtips in the restroom there was not a plastic bag that should have came with our ice bucket and what else ... ... . yea that should be it..nnthe pool was nice but very very  . but i got ta say one thing this is the place to be everyone and almost everyone is  good looking . all the girls and guys . man its freaking amazing . its like a swimsuit fashion up in here oooooo la lannwish to stay here again if we can find cheaper rates o and this place is most worth it since its a suite  to other hotels with the same rate . love itnndid you say vegas take me
__label__pos  this is one of the hotels that i went holy crap when i first walked in . i was in vegas for a tradeshow and i was able to be in the hotel bc of it . i got there the day the tradeshow started so i went to their convention center first . on the way there i just saw rooms after rooms size of football fields all very nicely decorated . the actual convention center felt like it was like 1520 football fields  i might be slightly wrong but i just know its huge . i know i wasnt able to walk every isle and see every single booth in a single day . nnnow the front entrance to lobbycasino ... .look up when you get there . the ceiling all had paintings on them and looked breathtaking . i think i  there for a little bit the first time i walked in . also go upstairs the casino where the shops are . i really enjoyed that place they created somewhat a small breeze in there and have it design with buildings that looks like its from italy . they have performers there singing at certain time of the day and theres the artificial river with boat and the guy that sings while youre on it.nnthe room i was in was a suite and it was one of the nicer suites i been in . we had  people in the suite but it couldve easily fitted few more with the room we got . im not sure how much it cost bc it was offered to me so i didnt have to pay for it but im guessing it wouldve been pricey . the service was pretty  i pretty much went straight up to the suite without any wait.nnprobably one of my favorite hotels at vegas so far.nnone more note if you seen the michael jackson special done by abc a few years you might remember mj going to one of the crazy stores . well im not sure if its still there but last time i was there i went in and that  is  bc of what theyre selling and the price tag .
__label__pos one of my  hotels in  vegas ... been fortunate enough to stay here on many  throughout the years so i think i know the hotel well enough to review it.nnthe rooms are nice and spacious . all suites . so that means an lcd tv in the sleeping area one in the sunken living area which includes a pullout sofa  desk and another small lcd in the bathroom . staying at the  towers in the hotel away from registration are a lot better just because the beds bathrooms etc . are nicer and the guest  are closer to the shops food court and casino.nnthe venetian pools are great and you have the option of using the palazzo pools because they are  by a short walkway . both pools are great . venetian has tao beach for people that want the club experience in the daytime.nnvenetian also has the nightclub tao in the front of the hotel . this has probably been the most popular longstanding club 5 years on the strip and it still gets as packed as ever . dj skratchy or dj vice keep it happening and are my favorites for movin the crowd . packed is not the word for this  . the venetian has a decent cheap food court and a better food court on the casino level that has good late night pizzas and italian food . theres also a grand lux cafe on the casino level . good food and big portions there.nnlove the venetian . always have always will ...
__label__neg to whom it may concernnnni have recently stayed at the venetian for my 21st birthday . their customer service was terrible . first i arrived into my suite and did not realize that there was a sign on the fridge that mentions that we get charged if the beverages were removed . i removed it without knowing and put my own beverages into the fridge . then i realized that i would have gotten charged i immediately called the front desk and they offered to send someone in to check the fridge to make sure that nothing was opened and to waive the fee if nothing was opened . the following day i was still concerned on if anyone has shown up to see the refreshments and i called the front desk again to ask for someone to come up to check . also there were many things broken in the room and a repair man came to help fix them so we could avoid and charges happening after our stay . my boyfriend was inside the hotel room all  and did not see anyone come to check our refreshments . we made another call and a person at front desk said that they will just waive the fee for us . we were not informed anything about refreshment restocking fee . on sunday morning we called for more blankets and pillows at 548am and still did not get them until i finally tired of waiting for them until 645am outside my room . i went down to the front desk and tried to get them myself and finally around 7am pillows and blankets were sent to our room . finally sunday afternoon someone has come up to our hotel room to check the refreshments . this was a very misleading situation because we were informed that our refreshment fees got waived . we were really confused because we have been informed that it has been taken care of . i have talked to many front desks employees and managers that were informing us that the refreshment fees would be taken care off . i am really upset with the customer service that i have dealt with this past weekend . i left to come back home still feeling unsure about the refreshment situation and my bill . i called today to try to find out how much i was billed and the front desk did not want to help me and said that they would just email me my receipt and tried getting me off the phone not answering my question . then i have called the venetian again and spoke to a male front desk person and explaining him the situation about the refreshments and informing him that there were the repair man and the front desk person reassuring us that we would get our refreshments fees waived . he was very understanding about our situation but wanted to run through the manager . at first the manager stated that i was informed many times about the 50 restocking refreshment fee but that is  false . they argued that they have it on their notes that i was informed . then they tried to say that i stated that i had the drinks in the bathroom . i have meant that the drinks were my own  in the bathroom . i am very upset with the way laurielauren the manager that refused to waive the charged and hung up on me when i asked i wanted the persons name that made the note that was informed because i wanted to get them fired . what kind of service is this i had to call  and ask for her again and tried to get compensation but she insisted that she was not going to waive the fee and that was that . i am very upset with the  and the way they handles their customers with their policy and their miscommunications . i want to request if there are any  recordings of my  calls with the front  because the manager i had spoken with had claimed that i was notified on every conversation concerning this matter and claimed that i had made statements that allegedly admitted facts that i had never said and the contradictory reasoning that was used to deny our claim . this experience has been a complete disappointment to me and my guests . i have never been this upset to make a formal complaint but based on this experience i will be making sure that neither myself nor anyone that i know will ever be staying at this disgraceful hotel again .
__label__pos the venetian is my  casino it appears they shut off the water to the outside canal during the summer but in the  it was beautiful . the canals inside ran during both seasons i went . we ate at an italian restaurant overlooking the inside canals . it was  but worth the food and service . we were also in awe of the mural on the ceiling at the  and how the inside makes you   it is always daytime .  
__label__pos just  to walk through and got ta  the   ...    .
__label__neg we checked in and headed up to our room . upon opening the blinds we had a view of construction and a dead animal carcass . i immediately contacted the concierge to request a room change . i was waiting on hold for a long time . my husband  down to the lobby while i waited on hold to see if he could get better  going to the front desk . i remained on hold . i spoke with 2 different managers that were extremely rude and told me that they had no available rooms to change me to . they didnt care about anything i had to say and basically it was too bad . my husband spoke with someone at the front desk and they told him there was a room available facing the strip but it would cost extra which would have been perfectly fine . however when the person tried to request the room she stated that there was a note on our booking stating that we could not be moved . what a terrible way to  our trip . nnnext we had access to a private pool that was open later than the other pools that we decided to go relax in . well  what there were drunk people jumping over the gate to sneak in . one of them tumbled over on me while i was sitting on the pool chair . another  up directly behind me . we gathered up our belongings and left . i immediately contacted the front desk . i was told that such behavior is expected because you are in vegas . i explained that it was a private pool and not a freeforall to come in and swim otherwise why bother paying the extra money to stay in certain areas of the hotel . again the staff totally didnt care.nnthen when i pulled out the extra blanket from the closet it  like cigarettes and was stained i didnt even bother letting anyone because i doubt anyone would have cared.nnit was truly disappointing . it was my daughters birthday and it really was a huge disappointment that the vibe was so negative at the venetian especially when you pay so much to stay there.nni will not be back again . next time im in vegas i will stay at another hotel on the  . take my advice stay somewhere else .
__label__pos got ta  the venetian . although its so expensive ive only stayed here twice you do  what you pay for .  restaurants great bars beautiful rooms high  shopping and a facility that makes your jaw drop in its scale and detail . nnthis trip was for business so i got to experience the convention areas as well . the service by the staff was amazing  the food service . im always amazed at how you can feed 10000 convention attendees in an hour and do with without bottlenecks and  great food to boot very impressive . nnthis is a great resort . id highly recommend  stay here at least once .
__label__pos this is a great hotel for the price only 100night . compared to some of the other newer hotels its looking a little tired . everyone is friendly and helpful the concierge definitely got used . im sure they were a little tired of us by the time we left but they were so helpful in finding exactly what we were looking for even if it was in other hotels.nnthe rooms were huge with great views . be careful when you  near the mini fridge everything on there has a sensor and the maids check the sensors daily . if anything has been moved you get charged . unfortunately that makes using the mini fridge as an actual fridge impossible . the maid told us we could call the front desk and get a real fridge brought up but in the end it wasnt worth it.nnthe pool is very nice . surprisingly the pool wasnt that crowded . everyone was tanning with very few people swimming which made playing in the waterfall pretty awesome . there are also several hot tubs hidden around the main pool . they are  and claim to have a capacity of 15 people but you could easily fit double that amount . i thought about going to their new topless pool bare . i stopped by the tent but they were playing big pimpin loudly and there was a skeezy  standing in front so i decided to pass.nnmy only complaint with the actual  is the distance from my room to the elevator . there are 45 rooms on each  on each floor . and of course i was the one who had to walk past all 44 rooms to get to the end . generally i wouldnt have cared so much except i was in tourist mode walking everywhere and trying to fit everything in . by the end of the day i was exhausted and the hallway was so long . when you check in ask for something close to the elevators.nnalso if youre really into the volcano out  you need to be prepared the volcano is being  and wont reopen until october .
__label__pos the mirage is still a good place to stay in vegas . its near the middle of the strip so you have options to like caesars . i went during the 4th of  weekend so it was pretty packed . the service at mirage was very friendly from the check in house keeping pool service and check out . the  are clean and beds are comfy . they can use a few more tables such as  card poker but thats just my personal preference . the poker  is not overwhelming so you can get a seat without  . i would have like to  more wheel of fortune but again thats a  preference . the main pool is big and there a two big spas with shade . overall i enjoyed my  here .
__label__pos this is my  steakhouse in  vegas  none . you can always count on emeril lagasse to deliver on his good name . we were in town for my fiances birthday so i jumped at the chance to make a reservation at delmonico . nnwe arrived about 20 mins early for our reservation . we took a seat in the lounge and waited for about 3 minutes before they came and  us to be seated . not enough time to rate the cocktail service . nni started with the lobster bisque . creamy hot and with chunks of tender lobster aplenty . so flavorful i chose to pass on the offer of fresh ground pepper . an a app . nnon to main course . i had the boneless rib eye steak . i loved that the waiter asked me to cut into it in front of him to be sure it was prepared to my liking and it was perfect upon the first bite time stood still . i could think of nothing but how delicious the bite in my mouth was and how i could not wait to demolish the easily 12oz . piece of heaven in front of me . the meat had a juiciness and flavor that even the most discerning of carnivore would have to admit was the best ever . nnthe fiancee had the grilled filet medallions wild mushroom crusted with emerils worcestershire sauce house cured bacon and parmesan cheese . i of course had to have a  of these fantastic looking medallions and they were stellar . i especially liked the play between the slightly sweet of the worcestershire and the savory of the meat and parmesan crust . also an awesome  . nndue to the healthy portions there was no room for dessert . we were given a sorbet on the house that was very  a raspberry i believe ... nnthe service was top notch everything you would expect from a restaurant of this caliber . all my expectations were met and i highly recommend stopping in for the steak of a lifetime
__label__pos just hit this place for the 3rd time in 2 years and this place never lets down . i was there just this past weekend during a very busy time at the venetian with 2 major conventions going on . we were fortunate enough to get a reservation with the host we prefer at 730 pm . game onnnservice is impeccable . we have a specific host who takes care of us when we come in so i suggest you get to know yours cause it does make getting reservations much easier . not only that but you have a better time in general when you feel you have a friend there . and trust me im no high roller.nneach section has its own host and several supporting cast . some hosts are better than others so again if you like yours try to stick with himher . they usually start you with an amuse bouche compliments of the chef . always different and always outstanding . its no meal just a way of getting your taste buds started . the food will be brought as per normal or as you request . youre in control so let them know what you want and they will  you better .  with wine selections of which they have a large selection . the place can get a lot of hustle not normal so just try to sit tight and enjoy your meal . they wont rush you so dont rush yourself . nni go straight for the steak but i hear the appetizers are fantastic . i highly recommend the wetdry aged bone in rib eye  . the outside will be  just right with a pat of house made butter on top . inside will be pink and juicy order medrare if you want blood and soft not chewy . the meat will melt in your mouth as this cut has just the right amount of marbling great now i want one . desert the steak is desert  for me lol . nnservice is impeccable . we have a specific host who takes care of us when we come in so i suggest you get to know yours cause it does make getting reservations  easier . not only that but you have a better time in general when you feel you have a friend there . and trust me im no high roller.nndont  bone in rib eye
__label__pos stopped by delmonicos for my birthday per a recommendation from a friend ... and i would not hesitate to  again . i had the bonein ribeye and it was by far the  steak ive ever head juicy and tender and everything you want in a steak . i ordered some  but wasnt even necessary i couldnt even  the steak service was great . a  on the pricey  but worth spending the money at least once .
__label__neg our bad experience started with the lady who answered when i called to set a resv . she sounded like she wasnt very happy and didnt make me feel good about planning to go to delmonicos . nwe get there and the hostess  said follow me she did not make eye contact or even ask hows your evening she walked so fast to our table it was hard to keep up . she sat us gave us a napkin said nothing at all and walked  . also they only have white napkins.. im used to fine dining where your napkin either white or black be offered to go with your ensemble.nnext our servers didnt seem to care that we were dining there . not sure if they judged  on  color age and style of clothes but it felt like they did . after offering us drinks and giving us menus it was about an 8 to 10 minute wait to see our  again.. mind you that wed chosen what wed have for dinner and had our menus closed a majority of that time.noverall for service from beginning til end was way below par for such a place . we did not feel  nor that they  2 funks about us.nfoodnmy bone in rib eye was ordered medium and came out medium well which made it particularly dry and tough . my spouses bone in rib eye was cooked correctly medium but was nothing to call home about.ni  my steak oscar style . the asparagus was the highlight of our dinner and the crab seemed a but overlooked and dry.nwe also had a lobster tail each which came deshelled and on top of the rib eye . drawn butter was brought out but lemon was not nor offered.nwe had the new orleans style creamed spinach.. the only new orleans about it was the name . the spinach tasted fresh but it was about a 3.55 on overall taste and quality.nfor the price there are many better options in las vegas mastros ocean club the capital grille del friscos ... nwe will surely never return .
__label__neg over pricednall  come a la   with nothingnwaiters  not greatndisappointed ...
__label__neg  2.5ncreativityauthenticity 3.5natmosphere 3nservice 4nbang for your buck 3nnthe only thing me and my gf argue about is food and when in vegas you have a lot of options and this time we were starving after partying all night till 9 am we needed some food and well we should have argued some more but this time we both said fk it and lets eat at the palms cause the reviews seem good ... in my drunken state i swore i ate at the palms before and it sucked but i wasnt sure well it sucked again . the service here is good at least with our server but looking around at the faces of these waiters they look miserable fake smile on their face when theres a customer which was a bad sign to come . the food here well was just blah got the boggi burger and the lobster blt . the burger was dry and burnt the lobster blt was good but nothing special about it just another sandwich with lobster . atmosphere seems great but it was dead so the ambiance wasnt what i believed or have heard the palms to be . price wise wasnt too bad but when you get more into steaks the price will go up . overall i dont plan on coming back just because there are so many more choices in vegas
__label__neg let me start off by saying if i could give the mgm grand 0 stars that would be generous.nnafter partying at club rain all night at the palms with some friends my boy and i decided to go back to their hotel room since they were staying there . it was 5 a.m. and me my boy and a friend decided to go downstairs to do a lil gambling even though we were pretty exhausted . being that i was the only one with like 15 bucks i gambled and lost immediately . i had to go to the bathroom so i told them i would be right back.nnupon  the bathroom the cleaning guy told me to go to the back as he was cleaning the front area which i was going to anyway . while i walking towards the back it smells like weed which i  care less cause i dont smoke and it didnt bother me . nnafter about 40 seconds of being in the stall security comes in and says outloud this is mgm security and we have the sheriff outside anyone smoking marijuana better  right now . ummm ok i didnt really pay attention because it wasnt me . so i get a knock on the door saying sir was it you and i just replied no man i am not smoking.nnso when i get out of the stall here is the bozo security guards waiting for me to get out . he starts to accuse me of smoking the week and then after i told him didnt i tell you it wasnt me and told him not only do i not smell like weed i dont have anything on me . he says you flushed it so by this time i am already aggrivated so i shun him off to go wash my hands . as soon as i reach the sink the bathroom is bumrushed with security supervisors and a sheriff . now i am surrounding by staff accusuing me of smoking in the bathroom off of a few allegations . now i am beyond mad and start to really please my  in the most vulgar way possible . my boy comes in to see what was going on and hes upset at well . they take both of out ids and write down our information and i am shaking i am so pissed . one of the 10 an hour security guards proceeds to tell me for future reference next time you walk in a bathroom and it smells like  you should go to another.nnafter telling us we need to leave the  i go back and ask on what basis do you have to kick us out . the guy says we have a guy who saw you go into the stall ok we have a guy who knocked on your door ok so i said  nothing . he then tells me it boild down to we dont want your business you are 86d from mgm and all casinos affiliated with mgm . i pretty much tell him to fuck off.nni still plan to write a letter i have never been so offended . not only do i feel it was defamation of character i felt  not one person used procedure to fully get all the details.nni dont have any respect for mgm and plan to never come back here my entire life .
__label__neg my girlfriend and i spent three nights at the mgm and had a mixed  . it took about 45 minutes for them to correct our priceline reservation . we had paid for two for one buffet free admission to studio 54 and two free drinks but they didnt have any record and had to find it which they did . the person that originally checked us in rushed  out before we had the chance to ask any questions but the second person we got after waiting in line again was great and resolved the issue . nnwe then got two shows ka and david copperfield . both were great shows ka was the best show ive seen anywhere ever ... and david copperfield was entertaining but not to the  of ka . nnour room needed a lot of work . the remotes didnt  but were replaced after a few hours of waiting . the shower flooded the bathroom and bedroom area there was no sealer under the curtain but the front desk was responsive in getting fresh towels up within a few  after that happened . nnthe lamp in the room on the desk would constantly spark sometimes randomly and any time you tapped it . the power in the room caused some power issues with my laptop which appeared like it might be causing random surges which would also explain the lamp issue . we were not able to get a lamp that did not  during our stay . additionally the  only worked the first day we were there but no discount on the resort feenncheck out was fast efficient and painless . nnoverall the service was excellent the rooms were poor and the shows were great . well definitely be back for the entertainment but will be staying somewhere  in the future .
__label__neg after having an amazerball time at the mirage but a mere 3 months ago i decided to check out its mlife buddy mgm  thinking this is one of the more known hotels on the strip what the eff could go wrong ... nnthink again sunshine.nni booked a newly renovated queen smoking room at a pretty decent rate on a thursdayfriday night . upon arrival at the hotel lobby at 1ish i decided to try to early checkin since it worked out so well at the mirage . first of all the lines were horrendous . there were no counters that separated those of the mlife players and the  of the peeps ... at least there were no indicators . i would think you would have such a distinction as to at least put some benefit in being a mlife player . i believe it would be good for the membership program to get some relatively distinct benefits to having it.nnsecond when we finally got to the counters we checked in with a lady named kristine . now thinking i might get somewhere with a girl with the same name as me well as same as it gets i asked her if she had any upgrades available . right away she said no . then she immediately she said oh i lied . theres one available . she quoted me 150 a night which is what i paid to upgrade at the mirage and then backtracked saying it would be around that sum but she needed to check with the manager . she calls somebody on the phone and all of a sudden upon hang up its now 396 a night to upgrade . what the eff . that is nowhere near the 150 she originally  me . but me not being made of money decided that the newly renovated rooms had to do . at this point i wasnt upset because thats how the world goes right wrong.nnshe proceeds to check us in and first thing she starts going on was the room . apparently theres only one hall of renovated rooms for smokers . and wouldnt you know it they are out of those rooms . i say but i booked a smoking room . she says we have a policy that saves our sses stating that your requested room type may not be available but well make a sincere effort to accommodate your request . now sincere effort is pretty shady . because trust even though i didnt get what i wanted there really wasnt any effort to accommodate me . she offered me a nonrenovated queen smoking room which im thinking why would i stay in a nonrenovated room when i booked mgm for the renovated ones and everytime i would try to explain my growing upsetness she would cut me off and throw policy at me . there wasnt any sincere effort to be accomodating or even attempt at service recovery which given that this is mgm is quite surprising . oh wait she offered me a late check out on saturday which wasnt that great seeing as how its our last day in vegas . and she stated that the view from the room was good at least.nnthen she swiped some key cards and then tells us that there are no rooms available at the moment for us to go and vegetate after the long drive and that it will be somewhere around 34 for us to get a room number and for the room to be available . now on the confirmation page it says 3pm check in time . so im a little  by this but she  4 for sure . so off we go gambling . come 330 time i  the hotline a call and they tell me the room is still unavailable due maintenance . a little annoyed i decided ill call at 4 since it would definitely be available right wrong . come 4 there still was no room available ... this prompted a check with the floor manager and it turns out its still being cleaned . finally at 422ish i get a room number . by the time im all settled and in the room its probably around 445. i open the blinds . are you effing kidding me the view she said was good i cant even see any part of the strip . im literally next to ground level and all i see are taxis and utility poles and the bulk of the main hotel driveway . thinking no way am i taking this this was the final straw . i call hotel vip services which is the mlife hotline and tell a girl named samantha all my problems . she said that apparently my room is an accessible one and that i requested for an accessible room . i tell her none of my party are physically disabled so why did we get an accessible room she looked into it a little more and apparently this was the only room available . now i understand overbooking as i  in the airline industry . but when we overbook we comp the  to the point of overkill . mgm forget about it . you can bet im going to march right to the check in counter tomorrow morning and getting a manager on my problems stat .
__label__pos wowzers i freaking love this place . just spent labor day weekend here and had an awesome time.nnprosn1 .  heavenly.n2 . they upgraded our room during a holiday weekend so extra points for accommodating usn3 . won a few hundred here scoren4 . the bed was sooooo comfortable firm but soft.n5 . modern rooms attached a few pics.n6 . tons of restaurants here if you want cheap restaurants you want expensive  they have it.n7 . shopping even though i didnt but could  tons of the women were enjoying itn8 . lots of cute chicks here.n9 . one of the best clubs in vegas hakkasan even though we didnt go and decided to go to a way better club in my opinion xs at wynn amazing club.n10 . its close to the airport taxi ride was 10.50n11 . mcdonalds and nathans were open till 350am late night munchies after partying.n12 . and the most important pro they have the best pool scene . if you want an exclusive pool party were you have to spend 50100 to get in you can go to wet republic which ive been to but for a free and even better time you can go to the grand pool complex at mgm the general pool which has a lazy river and have an awesome time . the pool scene is kind of slow from 911am but the best sets get taken quick so get there early to lock it down but by 13pm the party is rocking and you get all the music from wet republic . by 45 your partying and meeting tons of fun and cool random people along the lazy river . you wont be disappointed . just make sure to down a few  from the bars there 20 after 3 the place was off the hook . nnconsn1 . check in here sucks . the line wasnt an issue for us we must have waited 3 minutes at most . the real issue was that we had to wait till 3pm to get our room  though we were willing to pay the early check in fee of 30 . .5 starn2 . no  service the whole  and to make matters worse we called the front desk but no one came to fix it . but to be fair they did give us a discount so no negative stars.nnoverall i love it here its not the newest hotel but they did a great job with their renovation . ill be back next year
__label__neg wow this place is humongous . its iconic . you really cant miss the large green hotel and the large mgm lion . the location is on the  with 3 other large and iconic casinos as well tropicana excalibur and ny ny . and i dont like it . its sterile . big is not always  . you have to walk miles just to get around here and thats just inside . a nice shopping complex is here but doesnt compare to the caesars forum and the venetian grand canal shoppes . your hotel room all towers are a million miles from the casino . its a shorter  to california than it is to your room . the large lobby is impersonal and crowded   slowly . the car valet is among the slowest in vegas . the casino  programs linked to many great vegas casinos doesnt seem to reward you . its just like their slot machines they think your money . the only nice walking distance  is ny ny so even if it seems there is a lot to do there really isnt . stay mid strip where there is more action and more choices of gambling and  .
__label__neg the staff is rude .   .   options  .  is  to help  the front desk . rooms are dirty . avoid .
__label__pos you puke you clean nnthats the one rule at the double down saloon . neveryone is welcome as long as you can hold your own . for those of you who are easily intimidated by heavily tattooed hoarsevoiced broads or fat  belching bikers or rowdy rockabillies fresh from a car show or lush sk8tpunks or firebreating amazon women or satanic hulahooping sex godesses or frazzled crackwhores or bubblebreasted spraytannned strippers beware . the dd has the most eclectic crowd ever and i wouldnt have it any other way . the one thing that unites all the patrons is that they are definitely not   away by the hype.nyes . the bathroom is icky . but i have totally pissed in there a bajillion times without a weird paper seat  and i dont have hepc or ringworm . if you are afraid of the toilets there you might be better off pissing outside in the alley . just sayin . nonly the womens room has a lock so dont try to drop a duece in the mens room unless youre cool with other people watching you poop . nass juice is freaking delicious and if my ass tatsed like that drink id probably have people paying to rim me . but i have not tried the bacon martini . its nastylooking . i prefer my drinks to not have grease floating in them . ive always felt it was more for tourists anyways . nthe bartenders there have been there for like ever . not a high turnaround . so whenever i come home to vegas i  i can count on seeing the same peeps and i find that comforting.ni love dives and this is the place that made me love them . best .  . ever.nnoh . and did i mention they have black flag and circle jerks in the juke box hells yeah .
__label__pos swung in here for the happy hour special noon to 8 or something and loved it stayed out a little later than normal on fremont st the night before so needed something to take the edge off quickly the next am . i am a dive bar  having vising a crap load of em whilst growing up on the southside of chicago . and a dive bar indeed . be sure to set expectations appropriately . nnanyway 2 specials . beer shot of beam or mix drink . ass juice was a tad sweet for me but my date she loved it . great service and had a good local crew this fool was arrested for not having brakes on his bike ... bahahaha . solid juke box . food available and delivered near by . nnfunky washrooms  the toilet paper rolls on the chain link painted walls and all . stickers abound with some type of drunk  spray painting ... sorta like a tagger went insane or something . pretty  . no funny smells or bar  .  spanking new shiny white kohler top of the  urinal in the mens room . nice touch . nnnice place for a quick stop on the way to the airport after some quick gaming at terriblesie silver sevens ... ha.nngood  buzz
__label__pos the     stayed atnmy   our room here for my birthday he gave me a choice of whatever room i wanted so many options but i ended up going with a room with a view of the las vegas strip which seemed appropriate so im not sure what the exact total was but our room was beautiful clean and our bed was ridiculously comfortable we had great views we stayed for 4 nights in mid march . nwe arrived on a thursday left monday . the front desk even gave us a early check in which was nice . the staff was very nice at the front desk . room even had its own private elevator where we had to use our key to get to our level which was a bust at times because i had to find it in my purse..ni loved there casino its not confusing at all like some hotels are its big and organized . free drinks are a plus and the cocktail waitresses are always around so very happy with that also there sirens show was fun lots going on i felt like i was at disneyland.nnall there restaurants have amazing food at affordable pricing for our visit . i really enjoyed kahunaville amaxng drinks etc ... our friends  at circus circus and the hilton there casinos werent that great but i felt comfortable at our casino . most of the time i didnt want to leave . nti is exactly across the street from the fashion show mall which was a double plus i really enjoyed my stay here
__label__neg         . have not experienced the rooms .
__label__neg  stayed at this hotel . i cant really comment on the accommodations or the dining since my time in the hotel was really minimal.nni can tolerate smoke in  . i really can . i go to every casino and  it in and dont particularly mind . but this place is smokey . smokey to the point that my lungs were burning after i stayed in for two hours . if it werent for some freeplay for signups that lured me in i wouldnt have stayed.nni had fond memories of this hotel . the memories were  time in a really larger arcade area and winning tickets . the arcade was removed in 2003 and  with more adult themed attractions . still a part of me inside wishes that the sign to the video arcade pointed to where that old ticket madness inducing attraction  than leading to the dismal  aging video game machines stashed away in an unimportant room.nnregardless fond memories or not i dont think ill be planning to stay anytime soon .
__label__neg my biggest complaint about treasure island is the rank smell the downstairs casino has . it is very distinct . it made me sick each time we came downstairs and made  leave the hotel to shop and eat at other places . it was a mixture of suntan lotion sweat hot garbage barf and  . as soon as you walk in its there.nneveryday by like 200 the pool would have a  creamy hue to it . this is due to people spraying on sunscreen while in the pool or putting it on and getting right into the pool . along with im sure ... pee . it was gross i think they should close it for an hour midday to zap all the nastiness that is there by the afternoon . we only went in the mornings.nnthe buffet was just okay . we went during the crab leg night and they were sooo  and had no flavor . they tasted like they were  logged . the fried  were  and it seemed like we had gotten there when the food wasnt as fresh . we arrived before the line started forming . nnthe staff when we checked in and out were great no complaints with the staff what so ever however the smell alone is  to make me choose another hotel next time im there . i wish they could filter that out . it could just be the old carpet .
__label__pos this review is based on staying in the tower suite and does not reflect standard rooms.nnpros the room large room living room huge super comfy bed table with chairs desk flatscreen tv doubledoor entry large window  bathrooms his and hers . the hotel nice hotel in a good location on the strip . plenty of restaurants bars and even a 24 hour starbucks . nncons the room the  was fairly small with not so great speakers . the hotel nice hotel but dont expect a super awesome pirate theme some parts of the casino have a pirate vibe to it but not as extravagant as you would  for . although there are quite a few bars this is one of the only major resorts on the strip with no nightclub . if clubbing is your thing expect to walk a little ways to another resort for that club experience . upon checkin  take advantage of the complimentary valet parking . if you selfpark you will have to walk a very long way through the casino to get to the frontdesk . nnoverall i would stay here again when they run the  one night get one free again although there are other resorts on the strip that i like much more that i would stay at unless ti has a great  on rooms again .
__label__pos i come here a lot with my partner . i have always enjoyed my stay here . very clean rooms never had a problem . staff is courteous and friendly . i will say our rooms are always comped so im not sure if its pricey to stay here . nnthere is lots to do downstairs . the casino  good weve played blackjack and some slots here several times ... .always  a little bit of money . they do have this grouping of tables where all the  are dressed like hoochies wearing  but panties and bras . not my kind of thing to play cards with a half naked chic who doesnt seem to be enjoying herself that much ... but i guess some guys are in to that . i could live without those tables..but its vegas . n nthe hotel is in a good location close to other big  hotels so if you get bored downstairs you can take a  walk to another hotel with the same kind of stuff ... lol . nnall in all ... we always enjoyed our stay and will be  .
__label__pos gather around little yelpers let me tell you about my stay at ye ol treasure  . no but seriously get ready to hear it.nnwe had the penthouse suite here . our room was beautifully decorated and looked real crisp . being an all guys birthday weeknd we wanted to go all out . as soon as entering the room we immediately fired up the jacuzzi . and 10 minutes later there was water all over the floor due to my fellow comrade who thinks its not a problem to cannonball indoors . the staff handled the situation pretty well actually . they hand soaked and air dryed the room while we were out and the room looked handy dandy when we returned that night.nnbeing a fairly rowdy  being loud was a  . things got a little wierd for us two days in . our room was the first room on the  we were in and they actually had a person standing by our room 247. i asked why was this necessary but the staff all told me they were doing what they were told by the relief and higher class . im conviced they were keeping an eye on us.nthe pool area was exceptional . i mean its not a wet republic or cancun but its a decent place to lounge  and sun bathe . the music selection was a hit or miss . some days it was hopping and popping with an actual dj and some days it was like they were playing a radio . the drinks are actually really overpriced but it is vegas so you cant really blame them . anywho the crowd here was pretty laid back and it was pretty obvious that everyone was hungover . we had brought a handle of jameson down with us and had our own personal bar going . this goes against the rules and the staff gave us a warning but didnt confiscate the bottle until the second warning when the bottle was already finished . we had forgotten our swimming wear back in the room and made the executive decision to jump into the pool in our boxers . we werent escorted out of the pool area so im assuming this is okay if anyone considers this in the future.nnthe tables here are cursed and do not pay out . go somewhere else . no but seriously i had the worst luck on the tables . the cocktail waitresses returned fairly quickly with the water down drinks and do not  to you if you dont tip them well . nnthe restauraunt selection here isnt the best . they have one place here open 24 hours that serves food that any late night diner would . we ate here a couple early mornings and the food is as good as any drunk person looking for a quick bite would expect . the staff at the said restaurant were a hit and miss . some were cooperative while others gave us the evil eye . my buddy and i came here one morning after a night of painting the town red and we actually fell asleep after we ordered our food . after miserably failing to wake us up the staff stored our food away until we woke up . no they didnt remake our food but instead saved it for us . i wouldve said something to them about giving us food that was not fresh but during my sleep i actually lost my phone and one of the employees here found my phone on the floor and returned it to me once i woke up . a truly sincere gesture when in sin city . the food wasnt that good by the way.nni felt bad for the maid that was in charge of cleaning our room . the pad looked like a tornado flew through it . after the second day i started tipping any houskeeper that passed by our room and showering them with compliments . it was the least i could do . our room was always clean after we returned from the daily  with the linen being fully stocked and our bathroom presentably clean . nothing was stolen or taken either . nnwe ordered room service to go along with our pregame on one of the nights when we were getting ready . aside from the aggressive lady that yelled at us because we took to long to order the food was extroadinary . we ordered a bunch of finger food that cost us an arm and leg but everyone was neatly wrapped and to my surprise well prepared and cooked . nnlast but not least the people in charge of customer service . we had initially asked for a room with a view of the strip but we also really wanted a smoking room to hot box but to our dismay the only smoking room they had did not have a strip view . so we ended up settling for the view of the not so infamous trump tower . my buddy who had initially booked the room called customer service intoxicated mind you . he complained to them about the hotel view we had and gave them a bogus story about how he was going to propose tomorrow night and  a strip view . after speaking to many people he finally had a word with the manager who actually gave us a brand new penthouse with a strip view for our last day there . these people really made our trip memorable and cooperated with all our needs . nnim giving this place 4 stars because their are better places to stay at on the strip but if youre not really trying to go all this is not a bad hotel . its also right next to the wynn and palazzo .
__label__neg         service . nnthe list goes on and on but its not worth spending the time to type . nndo not stay at this hotel . youve been warned .
__label__neg the   place to stay at very   service  was  3 times by  alarms do not  here
__label__pos id rate this as a high 3.5 star which rounds the rating up to 4.nnme the wife and the inlaws had a nice  here . i started with an smash of an onion soup that was  of cheesy goodness . the wife and the popinlaw split a salade maison which was a mixed green salad w a house vinagrette and a goat cheese  . they enjoyed it but nothing special for them . mominlaw just had sat tight for her entree . nni had the skate as my entree which was very tasty but oh so buttery a bit too much i would say . the wife had the lemon chicken w french cut beans which she found flavorful but a bit overcooked . popinpaw had the thymeseared salmon which was quite good and mominlaw had the sampler of vegetables which looked excellent and i tried some beets and was won over.nnwe all split the chocolate mousse for dessert and loved it . it was a bit thick but they added lil pellets of crunchy chocolate thingies cue homer and that just made it this itself makes the  a 4 starnnthe service was good though a bit on the slow side . our waitress was quite  to us and very funny too . she suggested a  pinot noir but i completely forget the name of it but its the only pinot noir on their wine by the glass list .
__label__pos i have visited mon   twice . my girlfriend is glutensensitive so the glutenfree menu attracted us . i have had a great experience and a poor experience . nnboth experiences the food was great . nnthe first experience our waiter was extremely nice helpful and professional . the second experience the  was rushed cold and unorganized . she did seem to have a lot going on so i didnt hold it against her . nnthis is a great place is you are glutenfree . you can not beat the great views and the patio is  if they weather is nice .
__label__pos im impressed a  dining experience with great food and  . 1500 reviews cant be wrong.nncame here for lunch on a sunday and the wait was minimal for those without reservations.nnbe  to trynbaked cheese appetizernfrench  soupnsteak sandwich  with their signature frittes which kinda look and   mini potato chipsnsea scallops
__label__pos always  and  . love the outside sitting to watch the  water  while  my meal..  the skirt  and 
__label__pos the flavors of france are  hereni take all my visitors here because the have a great variety of  and the cafe latte is the best i have found in town . ni always get a  and  way thru the breakfast all the tables surrounding me have joined in i lived in  for a long time and i  found the place to rivalry old steady . great setting with an  to view the strip while you  awesome service and they also have am outdoor heated patio that is quite comfortable most of the yearnthis is one place you wont want to miss the locals love it too
__label__pos this place was fantastic.. one of the best  ive had in vegas the  is beautiful with great views of the bellagio fountains which was  nice during our meal . the service was top notch from the hostess to the  who helped us . i ordered a lobster  it was tasty and way more than i could manage to finish . the french onion soup was  quite good a pretty big bowl too . for desert we had the bananas foster holy cow it was so good but way too big.. more for like 3  . i will be coming back to this restaurant for sure next time im in town . cant  awesome service
__label__pos excellent  . had the filetau poivreperfect   with  taste . paired nicely with a great bordeaux . terrific service
__label__pos wow nnthe  and i had made reservations here before we were off to watch jersey boys and everything from start to  was fabulous . we were seated right away with delicious fresh warm  to snack on before our meal . coming in i knew i  steak so i ordered the classique  its always better to be  the first time right the steak is large but thin at the same time . the butter on top omg i dont think ive ever had steak like that before . it was goddamn mouthwatering . hats off to the chef for cooking it a perfect medium rare too . and the fries wow . i am not a french fries person but i ended up inhaling these thin oddly cut fries . nnthe restaurant is gorgeous on top of the great service . i had  to be seated on the patio but because its so cold these days it was covered up . no worries the  of the bellagio foundation always looks good . nni will definitely be back next time im in town .
__label__pos    . a    for 3hr . french dinner . recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to experience the charming night on the strip .
__label__pos   had   cheese.nnsteak was  and the blue  dressing was great nnthe servers were fast and very professional.nna great choice for a classic restaurant . nif its busy dont expect to see the bellagio fountains from the outside patio ... .
__label__pos giving this place 4 stars for what it is a cool overflowend uplocals lounge and bar or aka dive wbells and whistlesnni usually drop by here whenever im in town just because and everytime its goodtimes what i mean by overflowend up well for whatever reason if you couldnt get into the bigger mainstream clubs like  upstairs you might overflowend up here this is also a cool place to start the night offnncover is usually free but i also been hit up for 10 bucks before so i guess it depends on whos running the frontnnthe place is l shaped with vip sections lined all along the sides the bar itself is huge and accomodates a large area for its size staff works the bar with experience dont think i spent more than 10 minutes ordering given the amount of ppl big plus drinks  around 8 for my usual vodka pineapplesnnmusic played top 40 hip hop  on the old skool and electronicnnits not a  club and  estate can be an issue if its packed regardless it hits 4 major  free or cheap cover inouts  good bar good  mixed crowd
__label__neg one of the  hotels and casinos on the strip . as far as the casino goes it has all the games you want to play . as far as the rooms go theyre forgettable . but for me this place works because i dont need anything fancy . i essentially  a place to store my luggage  and bathe . for the  it cant be beat . you can usually  a room here during the week for 26.00 a night . i  come on thats spectacular if you want a basic place on the strip to stay this place works out just  . i will  this though this place is great for a family stay . it has a huge arcade and several amusement rides for the family so that is a definite benefit of your stay .
__label__pos huge portions nncame here for lunch with my employers while i was attending a seminar at the hilton which is closeby . we came in and was seated promptly . our waitress always had a smile and was quite the busy bee going from table to table . impressive . nni ordered a cheeseburger with fries . markus and miyoko ordered salads . when the salads came.. it really looked like 3 salads combined into one serving .  ordered the steak and mushroom salad that looked tasty.. markuss  was the same size but had an array of fruit on it . all of us were shocked of how big the  were . i ordered my  well done.. but it came back a bit burnt . i still ate it but was a bit sad that it had been charred . nnall in all a good place to grab food . especially  i heard the riviera had crappy  joints to eat at . would i eat here again only if i were in the general vicinity of the  . its good to be  home in sf .
__label__pos broccoli and  omelet was delicious i think it cost 12.00 so it was reasonable . the   out delicious glasses of tap water to go with itnnhash browns were acceptable . nothing to brag about . wheat toast was standardnnthis place exceeded my expectations for 300 a.m. on a saturday morning in vegas . no wait to be seated and  of  . lots of staff working toonni would go  .
__label__pos this is a review of the fireside loungengiant pink chick drinks with 6 shots and ice cream for 18 ummmm 2 please known for their scorpion which is kinda like a  tai or for people in the  it is the  version of the derailer .  man too bad this is a little north on the strip because this would be my goto prefunk drink when i am  the strip but at least an option for nights at the wynn or venetian . the funny thing is that rhumbar at mirage sells scorpions for 46 nthe place itself is pretty cool with the fireplace and big comfy chairs with 80s and 90s music videos  . i did not have any food but they have free  on the table . it is a little small and be careful not to  the place driving because it is swarming with cops .
__label__pos  back      id go  was here 12811
__label__pos    .   about the    the 80s threw up in there . bar with fireside pit accompanied by water . the restaurant itself has the whole diner vibe going on . while waiting for 50 mins we drank some mimosas tasty d doesnt disappoint . the french toast collage was good but nothing out of the norm . the swiss and mushroom burger was huge and it was quite juicy . the waitress we had was friendly and prompt . theres a little jar that has colorful sugar crystals on the table . the bacon was so crunchy and it was good quality bacon lol . not that cheap clear bacon . eggs were ordered over well and they got it just right definitely a must try when visiting vegasnnoh and btw they take and give you a complimentary picture d
__label__neg the hostess underestimated the time by half an hour . could have chosen another option when i waited my 45 minutes and went back to check at hostess stand she told me it would be another   rather  . the manager beau defended her by stating it is  out and people dont  to leave . no apologizes the  has been abbreviated and many items  that were popular staples . i frequent this restaurant and recommend it to many tourists .  to say that wont be occurring any longer
__label__pos the peppermill feels like a truly las   anyplace else in the world and this place would be  out of place but in lv its freaking perfect neon all over the place and kitschy as hell in a good way i know all the reviews talk about this but i cant  this enough the portions are  if youre like me and like to have leftovers by all means get a plate just for yourself and unless youre joey chestnut or adam richman you can expect more than enough for another full meal at home . if youre a tourist  and wont be taking a doggie bag  do yourself a favor and share a plate with your partner so there wont be so much food wasted . the only reason i gave 45 is because the waitress although friendly just wasnt super attentive . that being said id definitely come back and would most likely bring a date because this restaurantlounge is just too kitschyglitzyvegasy is that a word not to love .
__label__neg      vegasnn  nathan burton shown pretty much everything elsennflamingo was my least favorite hotel during my trip . the whole place stank of cigarettes and people who have been there for too long . though the lights look pretty on the outside the whole decor on the inside was a mess actually i dont even think there were any decorations . the nathan burton show was entertaining ... plenty of adult humor with a few magic tricks . so if youre thinking about coming here to see something this is your warning .
__label__neg i have  in my life been to a hotel that will charge you for every little extra you can imagine . 15 a day for internetwifi access and 10 a day for access to the gym . if you are on vacation for 4 days do the math it adds up quick . and you pretty much need wifi access because neither me nor my wife  get a cell phone reception in our room even  we had  facing  . wait a year and pretty soon they will charge you for towels the pool and cleaning your room . oh and this was our honeymoon which the hotel did nothing special or compd us anything on our special occasion .
__label__neg as far the the checkin process went it wasnt bad but no  was really pleasant . after we were issued our room keys we began what  to about a 15 minute walk to our room . our particular room was the absolute farthest from the elevators so it was a loooong time . nnnow on to the room conditionnnthe bathroom tub and floor were dirty i didnt want to even walk  barefoot or step foot in that tub.we had a broken phone broken lamp dirty shower curtain.nnafter seeing how dirty the bathroom was and  how our lamp and phone both didnt work we immediately decided we didnt want to spend a night in this place . i  went back the front desk to check out . i explained the condition of the room to a different women at the  counter . she too was rude and unaffected and unapologetic and had to go see what she could do in  of refunding me my money . horrible service filthy rooms . take your money elsewhere where its appreciated and your room is cleannni ended up getting my 150 refunded and walking down to the venetian where i was warmly welcomed and given a 30th floor  for 170 .
__label__neg  man what a disappoint . the   really needs a  from chris angel because its in  of a magic  make this  
__label__neg no   ... .ndidnt  nonsmoking  as requestednroom definitely did not look as advertised onlinenlinens with holesnshower curtain yes i said curtain stainednelevators were not workingnpeople were stuck on elevator needed to be rescuednnpositive was front desk service polite and manager gracious enough to refund cost . we moved to mandalay after an hour of deciding whether to stay or not .
__label__neg dilapidated overpriced  dowdy cheap    wait in  for  4 for a  bottle of dasani service is indignant ... i  why go here
__label__neg what is going on  this has been our go to place several times a  for the past 5 years .   but the service has gone downhill wed. before thanksgiving 1400 guests expected yet only 3  checking folks in . line for keys was even longer took  than  to get our baggage got to room and keys not working . stay tuned for room rating ...
__label__pos we stayed at the luxor for 5 days 4 nights in december . while reading other reviews i was a tad worried that our rooms would be awful . other then that i had no major worries . checkin process was insane . there were so many people trying to checkin and out that you could not tell which line went where . also there were many luxor employees hanging around the registration area that did nothing to let guest know where to go . once we found the line it was not that bad of a wait because they opened up more checkin stations.nnwe were in the pyramid and were told how to get to our room which was pretty easy . my only complaint was that it was on the other side of the casino but that is nothing major . i was pleasantly surprised when i entered our room to see modern and updated furniture as well as a brand new tv . my only concern with where the room was that we would hear a lot of noise from the casino below but we heard nothing our entire stay.nnas for the casino it is just like all the others i have ever been too . my biggest complaint of all the casino is vegas are that they allow smoking which is disgusting and make it unbearable to gamble in the evenings . during the day and early afternoon i was fine but once the early evening and late night hit i could not stand to be anywhere near a casino.nnfood was rather lacking in my opinion but they do offer an array of fast  and  dining plus two starbucks . it was not that big of a deal to us because we went to mandalay bay and new york new york for dinner the entire trip and that was connected by walkways . i just  they had a few more options for breakfast other then mcdonalds starbucks and the pyramid cafe.nnthere were about three shops in the luxor so just go next door to mandalay or down to city center or planet hollywood to get your shopping fix . as for entertainment the luxor has criss angels believe carrot top fantasy and menopause the musical . we  criss angel and i was not impressed . compared to the other hotels on the strip luxor needs to think about getting some more or different shows . we did not try any of the bars or lounges at luxor as we went elsewhere since most were closed on monday and tuesdays.nncheckout was a breeze since we put the daily resort fee on a credit card . we just used the express checkout located by the bank of elevators or the main desk to return our  which avoided the  checkout line.nnoverall this was a great hotel and even better deal for six people . i would not hesitate to stay again .
__label__neg we were only staying one night and saw the rate on this hotel was 40 a night on their website . we get there and they want 48 as a walk in . really for  bucks i will make you wait and make a rez on my phone after some arguing she agrees to the internet price . then there is a mandatory resort fee of 20 for things we will never use no wireless internet are you kidding me resort fee included wired internet only . so if you stay here be prepared to pay 50 more than advertisednnsecond impression is the inclinator . it is  and has not been seen any maintnence in at least a decade nasty brass walls broken tiles and the floor numbers have fallen off and been written in with a sharpie marker . they are also slow and very noisyshaky . nnthe room ... we stayed here because the website made it appear that they had upgraded their rooms .  just threw out the bed spreads and replaced it with a sheet . thats all . same  wall paper old abused furniture and a now a bizarre painting that doesnt match the theme . the worst part was  during 100 degree heat and not having a great ac unit . we have stayed here multiple times in the past and have never had a great working ac unit it the room . nnthe  is you get what you pay for . cheap means cheap . next time i will pay more and go somewhere else . i said this last time we stayed here but i truly  they updated . i will not ever stay here again .
__label__neg total dump . we came to vegas for a friends wedding and we stayed here . my girl and i are pretty conservative but we enjoy having a good time . we slipped them an extra 20 tip and for some reason they stuck us down a quiet hall next to two  of college  partying and  piss drunk . doors were slamming at 6am etc..people  one retard got mad at his phone and broke it and it ended up right outside of my  with the alarm going off non stop . i went out and threw the phone down the stair case . i went to the front to ask for a room change and they did which i appreciate but this next part i cant make up . we get dressed to go to a show and we take the elevator down . i step out side of the elevator and almost have to spear my gf to prevent her from stepping in a huge pile of shit yes shit a huge pile of shit about the size of a flat foot ball right out side of the elevator and yes we are still in the hotel . all of these asian tourists were staring at it all confused like it was chocolate or  i said hey its shit like from your butt dont step in it . we come back from the show and shits still there they put a cone next to it . the next morning it was  but there was this big crusty brown ring where the shit once sat peacefully . you can tell the janitor had had it . stay classy .
__label__pos nice rooms . fun surroundings . lots of places to be seen . i really liked the mandalay bay beach  being on it during spring break made this married mama of two feel a  old . a cool wave pool a  river and more youll have no problem passing the day away here . nnthey even have a concert venue on their beach we saw blues traveler there on our last night in town and it was a hell of a lot of fun imagine a hot vegas night watching a great band while standing in the cool  of mandalay bay and participating in the ocassional splash fight nnmandalay bay also  some  eating and drinking as  s other musical  . some i recommend are house of blues rumjungle red square china grill and the fabulous aureole
__label__pos friends are in town and staying at the mandalay bay for the weekend which happens to be one of my favorite hotels in town for the following  reasonsnnone of the  poolsnngreat parking for larger vehicles  open lot next to the  center that is only a   minute walk to the four seasonsnneasy to access from the highwaynnit has a great array of restaurants and  throughout the whole complex .
__label__neg im really torn on what rating to give this place . first off we stayed here on a friday which happened to be the first night of edc . i expected vegas to be busy so i figured there would be wait checking out . but unfortunately their computers were down or something on that day and check in took over 2 hours i know this is isnt there fault and they did everything they could to remedy the situation free drinks snacks etc . so my issue isnt really this . my issue is more about the aftermath of the day i.e . my credit card bill nnbecause of the 2 hour wait my friend was able to convince the front desk lady to give him a bit of a discount . she supposedly gave us 100 dollars off . sounds awesome right well not when you end up being overcharged 82 on your credit card bill 5 days later . so when we checked out of the hotel the  must have still be down because we couldnt check out through our tv and there was no way in hell i was going to go wait in line for another 1 or 2 just to check out . instead i called down to the front desk waited on hold for about 20 minutes and finally checked out . since i did this i wasnt able to see my bill because they were going to email it to me . well the last  i want to do in vegas is check my email and worry about work so i waited until i got home to check my bill.nnwe were given the 100 discount but they then charged us 30 for a late check out fee even though we specifically booked through a promotion saying we are supposed to check out at 400 p.m. this was also confirmed on the day of check in so basically we were only overcharged 30. no big  i thought it would be a quick fix . nni call mandalay bay to get a credit back on my card . apparently i have to talk to the accounting department . i end up on hold for an hour no one picks up . are you kidding me an hour i then decide to email the accounting department . i have not gotten a response to date . i then call the accounting department again two days later . another ridiculously long hold . i then call the front desk and explain to them that there is a problem on my bill and she says shell try to fix it for me . big  . she ended up correctly charging my credit card but then she charged my friends card 82 his card was on file because he checked in and used his card for  i have no idea where that amount came from and they did not have permission to charge his card . now he cant get a hold of the accounting department to get a credit on his card . nnif this didnt happen i would have given the hotel 4 stars . rooms were clean . service was decent . good restaurant options . awesome pool . but giving me a discount and then overcharging my card and my  card unacceptable .
__label__pos  this hotel . nice spa  wave  and good sized lazy  . they have a fair number of  restaurants inside like flure and citizens . we didnt care for the  at citizens but ill  that to  review.nnrooms are a good size and decorated well . overall a very nice hotel and casino .
__label__pos i brought my family here  all the good reviews and i was not disappointed.nnwe had many firsttime child and adult shooters and the idea was to just get them some experience in firing a weapon.nnour representative was tito . i  how he spent time with each of the children to guide them safely how to  their 0.22s . especially because the younger ones were  and nervous about the noise as well as the fact they were wielding a firearm . with his  the kids overcame their fears and had a great time.nnthanks so much for  this family reunion be a memorable one
__label__neg crapsteak was a fine dining flop.nni was   to eat at craftsteak . after watching many episodes of top chef and hearing chef tom c. chastise contestants regarding quality execution and if its not right dont serve it i was anxiously anticipating a truly fine dining experience of extraordinary quality . well tommy you failed . epic fail . it was one of the worst meals ive had in an upscale   establishment . the meat was a poor cut the service slower than snot the meal cold and the sides greasy . presentation was thoroughly poor . the wait staff bumbled over each other trying to figure out who got what . i now refer to craftsteak as  . when i now see tom shooting his mouth off on tc i laugh my ass off over the hypocracy . tom please pack your knives and go home .
__label__pos well one reviewer said that if im used to dining on ny or sf this place wont blow my mind . maybe they didnt eat what we did.nngranted two of the four things we ordered were specials a lovely capon rillette appetizer and a top sirloin slow cooked in a sealed bag with herbs for four hours and it shows entree . that appetizer was incredible the top sirloin was delectable and from australia just like my date and the salmon i ordered absolutely melted in my mouth just like my d ... err ... anyway my warm goat cheese salad was amazing with plenty if not too much cracked pepper on top . i asked our waiter to bring lots of pepper and being a total character from chicago he more than obliged . i  he went a little overboard yet otherwise he was a really fantastic waiter and i did find it hilarious if not just a touch too spicy . delicious though he also  us a very lovely wine to go with our meal was a great conversationalist and  us tiny cookies from their pastry  who is diabetic just like my date no kidding.nnoh and did i mention that the   wrapped around your napkin and they will fold your napkin for you if they come by when youve momentarily left the table they are so attentive truly excellent service.nnoverall a lovely dining experience and i   to checking out the others here in ca once i finally drag my classy butt up to the wine country .
__label__pos on a bright late sunday morning the four of us didnt have to wait too long 2030 mins for this caliber of a restaurant . we went before our flight back home so we had our luggage . the  took our bags and  them in a separate room so we could eat comfortably . nnthe servers team worked like a well oiled machine . we probably had 4 servers tend to us like they worked as a team to make us  . as a former server i love when that happens . the  informed us  on the specials asked to prepare the foie gras for us always had our water glasses filled very important after a saturday nightsunday morning in vegas and were attentive without being to nosy love when this happens as well.nnfrom the taste and presentation the food was spectacular . the bread comes out in the  of leaves . then starting out the foie gras  was decadent 2.5 oz would have been enough for us the mussels were so fresh and even the olives in the bloody marys had a freshness to them . nas for the entrees all of us were very pleased with what we got . i had gotten their signature dish the prefectly cooked roasted chicken and chive waffles accompanied with  gravy maple syrup and vanilla bean butter . all of it was amazing except for the gravy that was just way too salfty for me and i love salt . nonetheless the meal was delicious and didnt even need the gravy so it was all good.nndefinitely a great place for brunch .
__label__neg so for my birthday i wanted to sit out by the  fountains so we chose to eat at here . i had read all these great reviews and heard good things so i figured the food would be amazing . not the case.nngood thingsn the service was amazingn the cocktails were exquisite  the life is freshn the bread basket before the meal was wonderfuln the   and panna cottannbad thingsn every  was gross i cant think of another wordn the scallops were covered in a weird thick brown sauce that ruined the dishn the sea bass tasted like watern the duck was overcooked and toughnni think the view is nice and the service is great but i wouldnt go  except for cocktails and desserts .
__label__neg i had a very high hopes for olives . it is a beautiful  and the fountains certainly add a lot of drama . the bellagio is a lovely if somewhat   . nnim not sure why i tried the free range chicken but it was as extremely dry with very little  . michael had some kind of  but it looked frightening to me so i decided against trying it . nnthey were  and maybe it was an off night . not on my list of places to revisit . nnfor the price of this meal i expected something wonderful .  would also have been acceptable .
__label__pos ate at olives a few years  and returned for a business dinner it was just as good the  time as the  .   their meals and the great service . highly recommend the  for an appetizer and the gnocchi for dinner . try to get a seat  the windows so you can get a view of the  fountains throughout dinner .
__label__neg whenever i come to vegas this isnt first stop to grab a late lunch . i usually love this place although yesterday was a  disappointment . the food was just  . the cesar salad came out wilted and the tomatoes were not fresh they were pruney and appeared days old . the  was dry and tasted  it had been sitting under hot lights for hours . the food was clearly not  and even the pizza which is  to mess up tasted bland and boring . its sad but olives has lost its luster . this wont be my  stop anymore its sad to see a good restaurant fall off in quality and  .
__label__pos fresh   . robes optional next to  nnwhen are  and craving something healthy   . head to this restaurant . healthy delish  .
__label__pos more like 3.5 stars . ate the 7.77 gamblers special thats not on the menu..not once but twice seriously delicious and satisfying . my   i was a genius because i knew about this little trick . could not eat it all both times . steak jumbo shrimp on a skewer mashed or baked potato and a salad . the salad was ridiculously big and the ranch was yuummynnif you order to go..they charge a buck and its still  it to eat on the floor of my room . service wasnt spectacular.nnate  here one day on our trip and wasnt impressed with the omelette ... too much milk and cheese and not a  of veggies . go cheaper and get a few eggs and hashbrowns . perfect before you hit midday drinking nnwhat a deal i heart you gamblers special
__label__neg worst breakfast   in vegas . went here from yelp reviews . unfriendly staff ordered steak and egg special . price was appealing at 4.39. no players card the price goes to 6.99. add a egg its 3.99. very average food . total bill for a simple nothing special breakfast was 15.10. ndont mind paying the price for something good but this was a  ripoff.nby the way this was my first  and i use this app all the time .
__label__pos i stayed at the  rock hotel and i came here twice to eat . the service was excellent they made accommodations for my friend who was diabetic . they  traditional american cuisine from breakfasts to burgers around the  so after you  a wild night around town you can relax with some  ol american comfort  . for a tourist the prices and sales tax can hit your wallet . this place has an openformat that looks onto the casino floor so this place isnt the place if youre looking for a quiet place to recover after a long night . one of the best kept secrets is that if you are  a concert by the nearby joint music venue you can get your receipt validated that gives you front of the line access for the often disorganized lines  into the joint .
__label__pos         black cod ... .yuuuuuuum
__label__pos outstanding  service   pricesquality ratio ... allaround  to 
__label__neg this place was not fun . we got on the guestlist to ensure that we a group of 5 girls wouldnt have to pay a cover . we waited in the all girls line which they have on sporadic nights . this one was a saturday for about 30 minutes since the club wasnt even open yet and then got in pretty easily . the sad part was we got in and felt like turning back around out the door . it was kinda empty a lot of old and awkward adults not really a crowd for 21 year olds and  of all..nnthe music succkkeddd they played some weird ass techno music that i couldve done the  to . we thought maybe it would get better but nope . it was just bad the entire time we were there sadly dancing in the  of the dance floor . dude they played the boy is mine . yes the song by monica and brandy . really do people dance to that music sooo awkward . my girls and i left after like 20 minutes . we sat at some slots which i actually won at haha . so i guess that was a plus . and then some girl came up to us and asked if we would like to go to the old opium which i guess is called poetry now . anyway thats an  different review but it was fun there and better than pure . so just know that . nnive heard good things about pure from friends so im disappointed that our  was lame . oh well.nnnnnnedit 12008nnokay well i just went to vegas again for new years and i had to come back and add onto this review . this time around we went to pure on january 1st . i kinda figured it might be crowded since it was the day after new years eve but then again i also thought maybe itd be not so crowded since everyone probably left town already . welp my first instinct was right . that place was sooo packed . i went with 5 girls again weird coincidence they were all different girls from last time and so we got in for free . what sucked was how disorganized the line was for socalled guestlist folks . it was just this big ass mob around the door with people fighting to get the attention of any bouncer they could . nnanyhoooo . we got in and it was hard to even walk around . drinks were expensive but whats new in vegas but the music this night was crackin . paris hilton showed up and everyone turned into  picture taking robots with cameras permanently focused on the vip area where she was dancing all silly . uh its just paris hilton . i understand if you want a shot or two of her since shes kinda famous and stuff but really . folks were taking pictures for like 45 minutes straight . give your arm and the people  to dance around you a break . nnoverall the place was better than the first time i went . still not great but better . on a less crowded night with the same music hiphopmainstreamdanceable music id be down to go again . for free .
__label__neg the worst   in  the crowd was  with  aged people and the music they played i couldnt dance to or get into  . the  and watching the crowd that couldnt  made the experience more enjoyable .
__label__neg yeah this place is nothing like it used to be . crowd is wack . they were letting in anyone and everyone . i  people wearing tshirts out there and a lot of much older couples . nnthe only reason we went there is we were given a low price for bottle service on a friday night . we planned to go to a nice place on  night so why not just go somewhere ok that does not break the bank on fridaynn we get there and they are like oh the price went up . so we said we were not  in and would go to a better place for that rate . they said no no we will show you the table and you can decide . they get us to the table where they present us with a 1300 bill bait and switch . we threatened again just to walk out and the gm comes over and after  we get our price . we were then looked at as cheap but come on i am not going to pay 1300 when we could have gone to much more desirable places for that.nnlets face it pure all you have is a white  with  expensive drinks and blasting the first  seconds of top 40 edm and hip hop . there are tons of places  that . your only asset is the people you have in there .
__label__pos      pork  served with cranberries and homemade bavarian style potato salad.nnjumbo complete giant pretzel  with obatzer cheese sweet mustard and onion mustardnnoktoberfest braten teller bavarian pork and beef specialty with  roast hunter style and spatzle marinated pot roast sauerbraten with vegetables and red cabbage .
__label__neg this is one of those places you go for the atmosphere and beer and not the food . nthey really do the german thing well pretzels  and sausages a  . oh yes and beer and spankings yes spankings . if you are the sm christian grey loving person then this is the place for you . apparently if you order a shot of this dark  perhaps jagermister you get a spanking by a waitress in a laderhousen that hansel and gretel outfit with suspenders . this i did not indulge in but many many men around our table did . we went late in the evening so the giant dinning room was emptying out so i assume we didnt get to see all the possibilities of spanking . okay so the important  the food . i ordered a white sausage  at the recommendation of the waitress interesting . i am not a huge sausage fan but since i was here the sausage kingdom figured i should try it . it came with potatoes and sauerkraut . i also of course drank a lot of beer and perhaps if i drank more the food would have tasted better . we also ordered a traditional pretzel with cheese dip and mustards now that was tasty the beer probably helped with this . i am not going to lie the german dinners that shared our table and the authentic german   helped me  this place more it certainly wasnt the food . so all in all i would come back to drink and eat pretzels not to eat . so drink up das boot
__label__neg i have been here three times now and here are my overall views.nni dont care what the acoustics in the building are you can get sound that can be heardnnthe band sounds good but whenever a person speaks into the  it sounds so muffled and garbled its impossible to understand . if they correct that the atmosphere will be even more partylike and would get much greater participation from customers . as it is only a couple of tables nearest the stage can understand because they are closest to the stage monitors which are clear and crisp.nnit  be nice if everyone especially those who answer the phone and the hostesses are informed of what is going on.nni planned to compete in their octoberfest competition and even brought seven friends to cheer me on . we had dinner and drinks but when it came time for the contest  said they didnt know why it had happened at an earlier time than scheduled.nni had called and checked first for the times  their website and even looked in the newspaper that they put on my table all three sources had confirmed they have two  per  on fridays and saturdays.nnmy friends and i left very disappointed more from managements total lack of customer service than anything else . they did nothing to even attempt to make it  they just made excuses and blamed others.nni guess they just feel that they are successful so they dont need to even try .
__label__neg somewhere on the ny ny website i saw a promotion for bogo breakfast here if you stay at ny ny which we were . i made a reservation a couple weeks before even though i figured we probably wouldnt need it on a weekday . we didnt but there was a nice table waiting for us on the patio.nni ordered the corn beef hash for 10.99. it came with sliced potatoes and chopped corn beef on top along with two poached eggs and a  polenta cake . breakfast is also served with warm french bread.nni did not  for the corn beef which was dry . the potatoes were undercooked and  the dish was very rich and  . the polenta  was tasteless and rubbery ... i didnt understand the concept of it at all ... and the poached eggs were cooked to perfection the saving grace of my breakfast . also the bread was very good and the real butter was high quality . i was  ... nnmy hub ordered the french toast for 9.99 and said it was  good nothing fancy ... but hell eat anything and i was not interested in trying it.nnthe coffee was excellent and refills kept coming as they should for 4.50 nnour server was nice and started out attentive but ticked me off when he took the order of two tables near us that were seated after us ... ... ... ... . my pet peeve for sure . so of course they got their  before us and that just isnt ok with me . he didnt neglect us otherwise so that was nice . and the lady pouring the coffee was on it loved thatnni wont be back for breakfast but based on the pics posted on yelp i do want to try them for dinner ... we shall see ...
__label__pos a happy hour  a  7      with tasty appetizers pizzas and drinks . servers are outstanding . i highly recommend the  pizzas . mgm guests get bogo breakfast which is also very good . try it youll like it . enjoy .
__label__pos delux rocks .  service a full  great menu and its open  if your feeln not so much like a  get the chinese chicken salad or the grilled cheese nn ... ... ..and dont forget about the   on 
__label__neg woah  woah.nnthere are much better burgers in the world nni came here on the recommendation of a cab driver dont mess with cabbies they  everything about a city who said that he thought delux had the best burger in the phoenix area.nnwhile this may be true  i did not get to try any other burgers while in phoenix i  doubt that this is the best in the phoenix area ... i simply refuse to believe it.nnthe food wasnt bad . it just wasnt great.nnthe only saving grace of delux is that they had a really expansive and interesting selection of beers both on tap and in the bottle.nnif i lived in phoenix though i probably wouldnt go back .
__label__pos  spot  place      ... .fun
__label__pos  . nnnthat  3    it up . i got here at 1045am . the breakfast buffet closes at 11am . i suggest you get there earlier to take full advantage of what this beast has to offer . i couldnt get an omelette as the line for it was like at a sizzler or waiting for crab legs but man they looked good . instead i just got the normal buffet fare . there were  different kinds of potatoes sliced thinly cubed and baked the bacon was crispy but still had amazing taste multiple sausages waffles french toast pancakes chorizo etc . it was all amazing even though the scrambled eggs were a bit runny i dislike runny eggs . a lot.. for 16 this includes tax i say it is well worth it . if only i were hungrier or was i too hungry from waiting too long i wouldve done more than 16 worth of damage . instead i only probably did 13. sad.nnoh yea the orange juice was amazing . i highly recommend it .
__label__pos the bellagio boasts the most diversecarefully arranged feeding trough on the strip that i can speak for putting it in the  for one of the  buffets in the  . i came to their buffet between breakfast and lunch well call it brunch to a fair sized line . despite this i was promptly seated given my drink and sent for my first helping . the cocktail  were amazing and chilled perfect . the  rib and london broil were exquisite . the  bluenose was delicious . even the desserts coming fresh from the oven were pretty outstanding . i dont remember exactly what i paid but it couldnt have been more than 20. it is by no means the cheapest buffet in town but probably has the best value .
__label__neg    . 32.88 for  buffet . the  was a bitch ... attitude up the wazuu . the hostess was nice our waiter server eric was awesome sweetest guy ever . nnthe food vegetarian pov was disappointing.nn1 breakfast breads were cold and stale . oatmeal was cold they make fresh omelet but the station is towards the back away from the rest of the brkfst items ... all breakfast items should be grouped together pastas together seafood together etc ... ..nn2 sushi rice was old and really cold ... not fresh sloppy cutting sloppy display wasabi was pasty like ketchup . nn3 dessert cheesecake was moist but at times not available because they didnt refill the countertops fast enough.nni give this place a. negative 1 star.nnoverall this was a disappointing experience because of the lack of freshness lack of elegance lack of everything for the price tag . nbellagio  is not worth the price even if you eat meat . nnbetter off going to the sugar factory across the street ... pay less and get 100 better food ... that is fresher
__label__pos came here for their new years  serving which im guessing is different from other nights but  im impressed.nnbeef wellington lobster king crab alaskan crab sashimi  etc . i walked out of this  in pain since i couldnt stop eating . yeah the price was a little steep at 75 for a  but what do you expect when you have lobster  right nnoh yeah dont forget about the dessert  creme  ...
__label__pos oh . my . gosh.nnthis place was awesome . unfortunately i wasnt hungry enough there was a huge selection of food . so much that i couldnt fit it all on my plate . the variety of food was amazing and everything was hot and fresh . my only complaint was that this seafood stew i got had fake crab in it . how are you going to offer crab lakes and crab cakes so you obviously have real crab on hand and  fake crab in  not  . minus one star.nnthe price was reasonable considering the massive selection . and if you are super hungry you will get your 30 worth . we had a  of 10 people and still got seated quickly . our server was  . she was fun and joked around with us while keeping our drinks filled and the table cleared . actually i dont have any complaints about the service.nnwe must have picked a good time to go or it was a slow friday because the lines were short and we got in fast . we did have a little trouble finding it as we didnt know we were looking for escalators to get down to the  . overall a  experience and i would go  .
__label__neg this review is for the buffet of buffets  hour all you can eat buffet pass . this magical pass allows you to enjoy all day access to the buffets at 7 different harrahs properties . the price is 39.99 for rewards club members and 45.99 for nonmembers . it is seriously easy to sign up for the pass and  the 5 savings . the best day to buy the pass is sunday because the brunch buffets include the booze free of charge . also remember to check the operating hours at each buffet because they do vary.nnnote we did all seven locations actually 8 buffets because we hit one twice back to  in 11 hours.nnthe buffets included in the deal are  village buffet inside paris planet hollywoods spice market buffet flamingos paradise garden buffet flavors at harrahs lago buffet at caesars the emperors buffet at imperial palace and rios carnival world buffetnnspice market buffet at planet hollywoodif you really want to feel as if you are in a hot stuffy crowded spice  this is the place for you . it is in the basement so there are no windows and no doors . the line to pay is right in the center of the room and the quarters are mighty tight . there were alot of people in very little space with very little air flow and it was 111 degrees outside ... use your imagination.nnwe hit this stop for brunch . the stations included salad seafood  asian and mideast . yes i swear it was labeled mideast . at first i thought it was food from indiana or ohio but i guess they meant middle east wink wink . there was a random selection of greek and indian food ... surprise greece and  are now in the middle east oh and there was hummus.nnoverall the space was dank and depressing . win was that the champagne was cold and served in a flute . the bigger win was that we saved the life of a fellow diner who was choking with the  maneuver . if you do not plan to drink or save a life this stop may be disappointing .
__label__neg dont go here . ever.nnthis was my  dinner outing during my trip to vegas this may . i was so highly disappointed . i had only heard buffets in vegas are amazing . this was not amazing . this was disgusting.nnof all the  i could not even find one thing to get i decided making a salad would be my safest bet . yeah right the salad  was a joke gross lettuce croutons and dressing . like no  i made a pathetic excuse for a salad and ending up filling up on cupcakes . which were nothing to write home about either . the few i had were  dry.nnnot only was this buffet gross it was robbery 70 for the two of us for garbage never again never again . they even try to take your photo upon arrival ... can you imagine purchasing one no thank you dont need a memory of the awfulness that  us 70
__label__pos   like im  1000nnmy boyfriend and i came across a groupon for spice market and decided to purchase the buffet option . for 43 two people get allyoucaneatanddrink including beer wine and champagne brunch . there are also breakfast and lunch options for weekdays but the dinner choice is currently sold out.nnim giving spice market four stars based on the alcohol bottomless mimosas ... hell yea and the incredible dessert station . the rest of the buffet was decent but probably three stars at best . nnthings i loved nnthe cupcake selection was phenomenal there must have been about 12 different varieties of fancy cupcakes . i tried four cookies and cream chocolate mint caramel apple and smores and like a little piggy almost ate all of those four cupcakes . my personal favorite was the chocolate mint super creamy mint frosting but all four of them were incredible . if only i had more room in my bellynnthe prime rib was great perfectly cooked and tasted like perfection when dipped in the au jus . i enjoyed two slices of the tender meat.nnthe mac and cheese was surprisingly good . ive tried it at other buffets and always find it to be bland but here is was perfectly seasoned and i even went back for seconds . the chicken pesto pasta from the italian bar was also a tasty dish.nnthings i didnt lovennthe freshsliced turkey was dry and the gravy had a funny taste to it . i love turkey and gravy so this was big disappointment.nnthe salad bar was very tiny . i know that not a lot of people go for salad at a buffet but i always  a little salad to go with my meal . i guess it makes me feel slightly healthier while gorging on all the deliciousness . but there were very few toppings and the ranch was not to my liking im very particular about the ranch dressing at restaurants . nnthe mashed potatoes which i admit that i didnt even try looked incredibly runny and strangely yellow . what happened to fluffy white potatoes nnone other quick note if you have a group of 8 or more they charge you a mandatory 18 gratuity . we of course had exactly eight people . i think this is crap as it is a buffet and theyre not really doing much for us aside from pushing a couple tables together . and if we had seven instead of eight they wouldnt charge us seems a bit ridiculous
__label__neg   . after    about   after  the cold crab legs yes shouldnt have risked it at a buffet i had to go lay down and was sick all night . then the next day i went to talk to the manager who was so rude . he asked why i didnt say something that night ... . ummmm because i was so sick i had to bolt and i never get sick from food . he informed me all he could do was call hotel security and file a report . complete bs . dont go here unless you want to be sick from shitty cruise ship like food and then treated poorly .
__label__neg went here for the lunch buffetearly dinner last week and overall i was disappointed  from the get go . first of all i waited in  for what seemed forever because the hostess was to busy talking to a coworker and was actually eating something . once i got past that i went to the table where it took a good 10 to 15 min for them to bring out a  tea . as far as the food that i had the crab legs where decent there just wasnt a lot of meat but i expected that for a lunch  . however i had to really look around to find anything else that was edible and really didnt have any success . the seafood other than the crab legs and shrimp looked bad . the italian food looked like it had been sitting all day . the american station wasnt appealing at all . they did have flank steak on the craving station but i didnt try that because i had some kind of other beef from the middle eastern station and it was really tough . the  where awful took a couple and just took a  and threw them  . also the whole time i was there nobody came to pick up plates and the whole section i was in was the same way . i  there are better options than eating here and i probably wouldnt go back .
__label__neg i wanted to watch this show because it was in the movie the hangover . i thought it was going to be amazing or something because those guys kept on laughing and laughing in the movie however i was so disappointed this show had no storyline or direction . nnwhy were the guys in the  laughing so hard because they were on drugs . they had a lot of shrooms or something because this show was not that funny . i do not understand the point of the giant colorful snail or the giant baby maybe the purpose of the the giant colorful snail was to give people on drugs a good time . it is vegas maybe a lot of people were drunk or high or on something because it wasnt funny . ok maybe im being a little harsh . it wasnt funny to me . you probably dont need to be on drugs to find it funny . but my group of 6 and i werent laughing . we were staring around at people laughing and  what was so damn funny nninstead of mystere i recommend la reve or o. but if you want to discover for yourself how it is go to their website to find  . also theres been those   the strip that sells discounted show  . just make  you give yourself time to wait in line for them . the 2 stars is for the great lighting and the  .
__label__neg it was hard to  story..actually no storyni   to  beatles  but when we were in vegas no show until we came  home.njust felt  money..not recommended
__label__pos stately and pleasantly it sat a  house and strong . then i went in the door of it was hung  the threshold was dry bread ncheesecurds the walls . 12th century traditional celtic song.nnwho knew that cheese curds were musical i had a hunch but until last night i hadnt had the opportunity to sing their song . they are squeaky balls of fried goodness that locals may take for granted but this chronic traveler is freakin excited about them . if you wan na devirginize your curdishness please do it at madisons the old fashioned . that they are just a side dish to a full menu of amazing food and  is a bonus.nna production of madama butterfly brought me to madison and the old fashioned was recommended to me by many locals . so a few colleagues and i ventured over from our place nearby on capitol square on a frigid snowflurrying sunday evening . nnthe menu is fairly big but unlike some of the major pubfoodmakeapig ofyourselfchains each item on this local gems menu seemed to relate somehow to each other . it was as if you could choose any three things from the menu in any combo and have a great meal.nnafter a pal and i shared the fried cheese curds and stopped crying from the pleasure i chose the old fashioned burger . it was perfectly done and crowned with a delicious fried egg . the  yolk called dippy eggs where i come from mixed with the garlic sauce on the burger . is it  that i could have  two of these my colleagues had the scandavian chicken dinner and the salmon salad . perhaps the chicken was a little dry but it was such a generous fresh portion that you found a way to adjust your taste buds to enjoy the dryness . its sorta like pretending to enjoy the taste of shrooms when preparing to trip out on them . the payoff is worth it.nnthis was all chased with a new glarus organic revolution which was on tap for 2.50 a pint what and a piece of the apple pie with aged wisconsin cheddar on top . when i say a piece i mean an entire wedge.nni have a few more weeks in madison and am looking forward to trying a few other things at the old fashioned . the menu of lazy susans really has my attention  now ... .one with brats and sausages and deviled eggs ... come on.nnsqueaky curdsfreakishly addictive like the finest phattiest herbal blunt but way cheaper .
__label__neg when it comes to the food the old fashioned is  . and disappointing because their foods are  simple and therefore should be done consistently well . its the  story in  madison restaurants no subtlety and a  of attention to detail.nnafter several experiences with sandwiches that were only okay in later visits i moved on to the specials . twice i had the saturday night prime rib and twice i was disappointed . because they dont know or care about the difference between rare and mediumrare . also forget about the french onion soup . what should be an oldschool  with a layer of parmesan and gruyere bubbling over a salty onion beef broth is instead a weak pretender with hardly a layer of cheese worth mentioning . come on now.nni will say that the accompanying wedge salad is more than decent and that the onion string fries are a terrific . but they are not the main event and cant  the show by themselves . nni say all this actually liking the old fashioned its concept and experience . it could be great but its just not .
__label__pos i just  here from out of state grew up near nyc and after living here for a few months ive decided this is one of my favorite restaurants in madison . theres a few reasons whynn1 . ill start off with the fact that this place has farandaway the best cheese curds ive tasted yet . granted im not a wisconsin native but i can appreciate good food when i see it . the old fashioneds curds are the tastiest gooiest squeakiest and have the best texture of anywhere else ive been . theyre a musthave hands down.nn2 . the atmosphere is perfect . its the kind of place where you can feel comfortable in anything from a shirt and  to a tshirt and shorts . it has this rustic busy feeling that feels both modern and well old fashioned . the energy in the place is  happy probably attributable to point 1.nn3 . the beer . i hear their cocktails are great too but i havent actually had them . i have on the other hand had several 12snit beer flights there and i can safely say ive tasted everything they have on tap . the biggest thing is that their selection is almost  wisconsinlocal beers . i love that even though and maybe especially because im from out of state . their presentation on giant slabs of wood for the beer flights is pretty awesome too.nn4 . the food ive had there is the only thing i might hesitate on for the 5star rating id have preferred to  a 4.5. i love their wurst platter which can easily feed 3  for about 15 and some of their burgers are very good but ive found the food to be extremely rich and hard to take more than a few bites of . if youre into that right on . i have a little trouble getting through meals though . lots of food for relatively inexpensive cost . nn5 . everything else like the service and the outdoor seating and the text  for getting a table . all outstanding .
__label__pos my  ive basically grownup clubwise with tao . ive probably been 10 or so times and i still  it is one of the better clubs out there . but it is not as amazing as it once was . nnnow they close off the toplevel on busy nights and that causes the other two levels to get ridiculously overcrowded and alot of the crowdedness is just due to taos everincreasing popularity . but the decor at this place is the best ive seen and the girls are  ready to letloose and have a good time typically not the stuck up crowd . it also has a great  of ethnicitiies ... it has everything you could ever want in a clubnnand the best part of all is this guy taoboda he can get your  group past the line and in for free before 11 and all the girls get free  from 1011. what an awesome hookupnntaoboda alone keeps this  at a 4star club for me despite its recent downfalls in other areas .
__label__neg this was the place to be around 23 years ago . but now its just  . i  here this past weekend and they seem to make  its really pack that you cant even breathe in there . the music is  kudos to the  but the bartenders and bounces are rude and slow . nnwhy the heck to you get on  if you are going to wait 20 mins to get in . redickni like the asian inspired decor and the go go dancers but thats about it .
__label__neg tao is incredibly  with  people . the main dance floor is far too busy to  yourself . you begin  through  of people and realize that its not worth it the effort.nnive been to other nightclubs on the strip and i was looking forward to this place considering the  . i was left with a boring  . big  few thrills .
__label__pos tao is my favorite  club . nni love the  theme . nnif you get a promoter it is usually free for guys and girls and girls get  drinks for an hour . nnthe reason i love this club is because they play a good mix of music . the other lv clubs play nonstop unce all night . i can not stand that . i need to here words in my musicnnthey closed the beach area . it was  the last time i came here . nneven though tao is one of the    it is still an awesome club
__label__pos great hotel  restaurants and a fun pool . very disappointed that the  pool has been closed . it as been a    it  a few   .
__label__pos   food especially the lagostine and pasta ... .service was even better ... .we  at the bar where  and gustav sp put on a  on proper bar tending and all round service ...  chef  came by to check on  ...
__label__neg you can do much better than bartolotta in las vegas.ni go to a lot of restaurants and usually do not  reviews but i had to say at least something about this one.nits a very expensive restaurant so my expectations were very  . i went there with a  of guys from work and each of us had an appetizer some fish and a drink or two . while appetizers were good the  was not worth the prices . i am pretty  my motherinlaw prepares fish better and your motherinlaw probably does too . nunfortunately i dont remember all the dishes we ordered but i clearly remember walking out of a restaurant with a  bill of 380 for 3 of us.nnon a positive side the staff was  and a learned a lot about fancy italian fish .
__label__neg my bf and i went to sw the last night of our stay at encore . dinner was at 9 because we made our reservations last minute . i ordered the filet with lobster macaroni and he ordered the bone in rib eye with potatoe puree . both steaks were ordered medium . nnwhen the food arrived the rib eye was made nicely while my filet was the driest piece of steak ive ever eaten . i only eat filet at steakhouses and the cheesecake factory makes better filet than here . the steak was tender but  have any moisture in it when pressing down with a fork no juice came out at all . our server was mia and i had to hunt down the water guy to get me some bernaise sauce . the server never came by once to ask how  was . sadly even the bernaise couldnt save the steak and i waited and waited for the server to walk by so i could tell him that there is no way i could eat that anymore . 510 min  and i was ignored . once again the water guy came and asked whether i  anything and i told him to get me the waiter . the nice water guy told me that my steak looked like medium  to him.nnfinally a different waiter came to ask whats going on and promptly apologized for the steak . he offered a change and i settled on a fish dish . i never saw the 1st server  us again . the fish dish ono came and it was also terrible but  the new server tried i decided to not say anything . nnthe only saving grace of the dinner was the dark chocolate souffle with vanilla ice cream . this was brough on by our 1st server and he dropped it on the table with a loud clunk maybe he is pissed that was complainednnoverall i felt that i spent 160 on a rib eye and a souffle . i  i could leave vegas with a bang but what a disappointment .
__label__pos i had very high  before  this show because all my friends   it . and the show did not fail me i  the choreography the  and the costumes . my  are always the clowns too  and funny . a must watch show in vegas
__label__neg i dont get it . i  dont . what is all the hype about with this shownno is  to be one of the top shows in vegas but i found it to be the  show ive seen so far . and ive seen about a dozen shows in vegas.nngranted the stage is amazing but the show itself is   . it mainly consists of glorified synchronized swimming and diving 2 sports i avoid watching during the summer olympics . so why should i pay 150 a ticket to watch it livennthere was an act where a  dozen  swung around on some wire grid in and took turns diving into the water . after they were done they posed and waited for applause . for what i have absolutely no clue . anyone could have done what they did.nneven the clowns werent funny . all of their jokes were painfully obvious.nni had never been as bored in a show as much as i was in o and considering its high price tags i was very disappointed . if youre looking for a cirque show in vegas one mystere and ka are all better by far.nno may have been amazing when it opened about 15 years ago but now it lacks any kind of creativity energy and awe factor . it was a giant waste of time .
__label__neg i almost fell asleep at this show unfortunately one of the  ive  seen . what you  for is to see an impressive stage that  up and down and 360 degrees sound effects but not really a good story or strong incredible cirque de soleil  . i would most definitely  the mystre show at treasure  instead . the problem i think was that story was  and long and not something youd get pumped up for and get entertained which is what the majority of goers want right
__label__pos this show was awesome  with cool stunts music emotion and a great story . nnthe most impressive part though is the inanimate star of the show the incredible stage . it raises lowers and pivots eleventy billion different directions and is  the engineering feat . nnthe show does a great job of making you feel as  you are in the different  throughout the story and the speakers in the  of the seat  a  personal surround sound effect when they are used . nnlove still remains my  cirque show and vegas show in general but this show was very very good .
__label__neg we were really excited to see ka and it started out interesting but quickly went downhill . if youve seen other cirque shows and liked them theres a good change youll be disappointed  his one.nndont  me wrong there were a few impressive  but the majority lacked the breathtaking acrobatic stunts and was mostly filled with a story line that was hard to follow since they spoke in ka and way too many sword fights . the only good scene was the jungletarzanesque scene . nnall in all it was 90  that  like an eternity for all 4 of us . i think i  fell asleep 4 times which is really disappointing because ive really enjoyed all the other cirque shows that ive seen . skip this one and  the extra  to go see o .
__label__neg my husband and i were excited to see ka because i had heard it was the only one of the cirque shows with a story line . we also got front row seats which we were very  about . we became very disappointed about both as the show went on.nnthere is so much things flying over the audiences heads blocked views and bad angles from being so  the most expensive seats are easily the worst in the house . nnthe story was ok. but hard to follow considering they spoke no english when they talked . when they did  it was a jumble of japanese italian swahili and gibberish depending on the origin of the  . pick one and stick to it please i may not understand you but i know what each sound like . i also didnt understand why the floors turned into walls and started rotating at some points . it just didnt make sense.nnboth my husband and i thought the tricks where bland and basic circus acts . my husband had a hard time following the story because their was no talking and because of his lack of interest after seeing people dressed up as giant insects and animals . this show is geared to much younger audiences . my husband mentally checked out after he saw someone in a puppeteered turtle costume do the moon walk.nnthis show is great for small  and if you sit further back . if you are taking a vacation without the kiddies skip this show . the only way i would have  this entertaining would be if i was 5 years old .
__label__neg bad service and mediocre food marked our   . anafter   and a   we left without our  and  up eating elsewhere .
__label__pos food  starsnservice hit or missnvalue 4 starsnnwe tried both lunch and dinner at rm seafood . it is owned by rick moonen a celebrity chef who was in the top chef las vegas competition.nnfor lunch we used a restaurant.com coupon 10 off when purchased 20 or more and we ordered a catfish sloppy joe with sliced pickles peppers and onions and french fries 15 and a adams fish sandwich with wedge fries 16. hubby also tried a glass of peach cocktail 12. hubby liked his catfish sloppy joe very much . the rich sweet and spicy sauce was pretty tasty and unique . compared to his my fish sandwich was on the light side . the fish was perfectly cooked crispy on the batter and juicy inside . i liked it the waitress service was friendly and attentive . nnfor dinner we had their prix fixe dinner which included a glass of champagne a fresh oyster for a starter 3.75 a choice of fuji apple salad 15 or ricks white clam chowder 12 for appetizer a choice of rm style cioppino 36 calamarata pasta mussels clams king crab shrimp and seasonal fish or pan roasted free range chicken 25 for main course and  flavors of ice cream and sorbet served blind 4.50. the total value of the dinner for two was over 115 but we got a great deal from travel zoo for only 89 tax and gratuity were not included . the food was excellent especially the cioppino the plate was filled with fresh delicious seafood and i love the bold yummy spicy flavorsnnthe food at rm seafood was tasty and great but the service at night was not so good . our waiter was friendly and nice at the beginning but after the starter his attitude changed dramatically . we had a hard time finding him during our dinner and when he served his face was not pleasant . even though he knew that we had a flight to catch and promised us he would keep an eye out for our food our main course came late and we had to wait another 30 minutes for our ice cream . the timing of the food was horrible . our waiter didnt even apologize for our wait total disappointment . nnoverall i really love their  . but for service it is really a  or  .
__label__pos  moonen is brilliant would give another star if i could our meal was outstanding . the cornbread basket is a great start and it only gets better . the  cioppino was music to my palette . it tasted much like my homemade   and was easily the best italian meal ive had outside of nyc or my familys kitchen . hubby enjoyed the  and turf and the   steak was cooked to perfection . nnwhat really stood out about this restaurant beside the phenomenal meal was the exceptional service . my water glass was never empty and the waitress was delightful and walked us through the menu with knowledge and  . they subtly try to up sell you to add a few scallops or lobster to your meal for an extra charge so be cautious if your hoping to leave with a little change in your wallet . prices are very high and very worth it . this was the best meal weve had in a long time . fine dining at its best .
__label__neg as a dedicated yelper i usually check  out before i visit them . this time i didnt . i blame  brain . it was the first day of our honeymoon and we were hungry and didnt want to spend much so we ventured into red white and blue . nnwe were seated and the service was ... okay . for as busy as the place was it wasnt i expected more than the slow service we got . also servers were huddled behind our table  with the bartenders which was  annoying . nnwe both had burgers which were good but anywhere else would have cost us a third less than what we were charged . we ended up spending over 50 with tip for me and my  which was waaaaay more than we should have paid . nnwe left there saying that we should have checked the yelp reviews and sure enough when we returned to our room we saw that we should have avoided the placennif youre starving and  at mandalay and dont want to  an arm and a leg walk over to luxors buffet . its still not  to be the best meal of your life but its cheaper and has more to offer than mandalays .
__label__neg i only came here because my coworkers and i were  after work and this was the closest joint we all could  on . ordered the french onion soup and penna  pasta . nnthe  was what i needed after a long day of work . it had to much onions though and not  broth . the cheese on top was was crispy and  . gooey . mmm . def will recommend this to cure a fat hangover.nnthe pasta was really bland chicken to dry but the presentation was  . nndont think i will  back . expensive for mediocre food . my meal itself was 30
__label__pos  was deliciousnni wouldve  them  stars but the waitress came back twice to tell us that theyve ran out of what we ordered . we ended up getting full on bread and getting our food 1 12 hours after we ordered . however the taste of the food and the prices made up for the wait.nnyum .
__label__pos it is a great restaurant . international cuisine  salads ans stakes.nexelent  and buffet every morning till 1100 amnnit is very safe and  to  here . you are not going to   .
__label__neg   food was  . even     this  was a fail .
__label__pos this  is so  warm bread always good  service is amazing . i always have to come here  when i get to vegas . wish they had one in the  area . i se people compare it to  factory but this is way better but yet somewhat similar .  in the  hotel .
__label__pos    the      in vegas on the strip . we ate here twice the last time we stayed at the venetian . the food choices are excellent no matter when you go and they are open 24 hours so perfect for that hangover cure .
__label__neg   food poisoning.nto    i encountered another couple a couple days later who also fell to food  from this place.nnmy husband had a custom made quesadilla with chicken at 3 am . but 5 am he was sooo sick . we ruled out a hangover when the stomach cramps and other eversolovely food poising symptoms kicked in . normally i say bygonesbebygones but after hearing this other couple suffer from the same location there is sufficient evidence that this restaurant needs to review their  prep policies . nnwe have reported this to the manager hoping for a refund . we are in contact with corporate but i will be taking this to the state .
__label__pos      ... .  nni am a huge cafe fan . i love them . this cafe inside the palazzo is awesome the staff at the bar is hilarious and friendly . alex one of the bartenders knows his stuff . everything that he has ever suggested for me to eat from the menu has been delicious . nnthe appetizers are some of my favorites and nadia i think makes a mean texas tea . nni have only ever sat at the bar so i can not comment on the dining areas but usually it seems so fast paced and everyone on top of their game . nntry out this cafe if you are in the neighborhood .
__label__neg one to two stars  the jambalayannmarinated chicken white  andouille sausage sweet  and roasted green onions in a spicy traditional jambalaya saucennwasntnspicynevenly heatednnhadndelicious saucena lot of ricenneven  has a better jambalaya with more stuff.nnwaiter was nice  all the  for us she asked . a party of 12
__label__pos amazing vietnamese sandwiches the best in phoenixnthey bake their own baguettes which is the reason why the place always smells so delish . i always order 11 which is the most authentic vietnamese sandwich . it includes mayonnaise pate variety of  cuts . ive taken people here and they all love 11.nand above all this place is absolutely  this is rare in lots of asian restaurants unfortunately.ni give this place 4.5 because most of the times the baguettes get  hard . ive had it when the baguette was fresh just  out and it was meltinyourmouth kind of crunchy.ni would come here any time of the day any day of the weekncash only
__label__pos       i  the  on yelp so i decided to check it out . ni wish i lived near this place .
__label__neg ive been here at this club 4 times and each time it was bottle service more than 1500 each time . some random  was assaulted and her boyfriend decided to throw punches . because we were not part of the confrontation we pushed our group aside . but because we  our group  so we can continue to enjoy our  they decided we would b the  group to blame . we were kicked out because we  to b in the  and it would b a quick fix liability  .
__label__pos the food at  boa is  . our server jared was very incredible and   suggestions on what to try . we also had the best bus girl . she devyn was so  and really  out of her way to  our dining experience  . this place rocks .
__label__neg crap service .  to my credit card for services never received . called a bch by some  that worked the desk never ever heard an  from anyone that worked there . nnplus ... ... it was very expensive and i do mean  . and they add tax gratuity etc . so a 95 pedicure ended up being 114. seriously nnwill never ever  return . save your money go off strip or   you get home . simply not worth the money .
__label__neg ive  at probably all the fine places las vegas has to offer and i have to say i didnt expect a bad experience with this one especially after reading the reviews.nnpros nice staffncons nice staff but my particular waiter lacked menu knowledgenpros nicely decorated  ncons sushi overfilled with rice and has no special taste.nnby the time we had our third  i figured might as  just load up on drinks because i was getting no excitement with the food . drinks were mediocre.nnin conclusion more cons then  . not  . go to social house instead  better in all aspects
__label__neg our first fox restaurant was  which we like very much and continue to go back for both lunch and dinner.nnsince then its been mostly down hill . we have been to blanco twice north once and now the greene house . my feeling with each of these places is that theyre one or maybe two food items good . the rest is just meh nnclearly the fox group knows how to make a very good flavorful taco . four  good both here and at blanco . as for the rest of the  to paraphrase paul harvey ... . nnwe came here yesterday for a light lunch . i spotted the tuna tartar tacos on the menu and knew i had to try them . at the time i hadnt seen any of the posted pictures on yelp . too bad .nnthe tacos were three tiny minuscule things about three inches wide . our server did try to warn us they were  and asked if i wanted a fourth sure i said . so three tiny tacos for 13.00 and the fourth for 4.50. were they good yes . were they better than the ones down the street at tommy bahamas sadly no . nnmy lunch partner had their fish and chips for 15.00 and was very unimpressed . bland and nothing special mushy and greasy were his exact words.nnthe lunch bill for two came to 38.75 along with one iced tea . a little pricey for a two and half star experience.. nnsorry
__label__neg save your  and headachesnngolds is a gypsy scam gym . what a pain in the ass . i have belonged to golds off and on for over 15 years . i even had a two year membership to this property before i started seeing random charges and canceled . now i am seeing a random charge two weeks after signing up again and i tried to cancel.nni love golds but the brand has gone to garbage . nntwo weeks ago i signed up with a guy named jason who quit today he told me that i was only responsible for 9.95 a month and that i needed to pay 10 upfront . so i did.ndirectly after i signed up he told me that it was 25 to cancel early . i tried to pay cash but was told i cant . what  of business doesnt take cash.nntoday i was doing bills and i noticed that i was charged about 40 from golds . i was not told about the 39.99 for activation at sign up.nnhowever ... when i went to dispute the charge i was  like a dick head . nnyoshi the front desk attendant is 1 step away from a sewer rat . she is unintelligent and plays the unfortunately i cant help you story.nnnyoshi then asked me sit down while she got a  . a promise she never fulfilled.nnwhile i was sitting down he then sent over a male mutant barbie probably the biggest dick head of the bunch where he tried to play the intimidation game with me . well i dont play games and made it very apparent i dont care how big you are . the bigger they are the harder they fall.nnhe was stupid too . let me tell you how i sign people up he said . i said unfortunately i didnt sign up with you . nnafter about 15 minutes of him trying pretend he was proactive i told him that i absolutely loved golds and it was too bad that the employees dont uphold the values of the original brand . nnit sucks that i have was pushed away by a company that i have supported for many many years.nnn
__label__pos  portions  was very  as  one of the    in 
__label__pos by far one of my favorite bbq joints in az i love me some bbq but am also all about the sides . if i go to a bbq place that has terrible sides no matter how good the meat is i most likely will not return . the meat and sides both need to be phenomenal for me to be satisfied famous daves gets it right with both ive gotten several meats from here i go here a lot and all have been great . these include the georgia chopped pork the brisket the country roasted chicken i think this is actually my favorite and i definitely can not forget about the sweet water catfish with remoulade and sweet chili sauce comes in second . ive also tried a number of the sides and they are all awesome mac and cheese is by far my favorite cause its creamy and has sweet corn and jalapenos in it . so different but some of the best mac i have ever had their potato salad also rocks . its not sweet potato salad but its flavor is out of this world also great are the wilbur beans and the firecracker green beans with bacon yes  . about the only side i am not fond of is their fries . i find these little steak fries to be mediocre at best . additionally most of the meals are served with a corn muffin which is sooooo good . make sure you ask for honey with this . so yeah this place makes me pretty happy each time i go here . one of the best things about it is the price . you can get a 2 meat combo with  sides corn muffin and corn on the cob for 13.99 thats awesome now on to a couple of things that could be better . they are not always  with their meat . the hub has stated that their  is very inconsistent and sometimes is out of this world and other times a little dry . same with the chopped pork . also sometimes the service is extremely slow and not very friendly . lastly the desserts could be better . being a total bread pudding connoisseur i order it wherever i go that they have it if i have room . got it here once and was not impressed . it tasted more like cake and the maple sauce on it just wasnt my thing . if you want great bread pudding hit up charlestons . also i think famous daves uses the same cake in all their  chocolate desserts . last  when i ordered the mini strawberry shortcake it looked the same as the bread pudding but with a strawberry sauce instead of the maple sauce . bread pudding is not cake so it should not be made with cake also strawberry shortcake should have several strawberries in it rather then just a little slice with a thin  strawberry  . but to each his own this is just my opinion and some people might love their desserts . i will admit that their chocolate brownie sundae is pretty dam tasty . anyways if you are looking for great bbq and sides at a great price this is your place
__label__neg   bad service slow poor attitude through out the staff if you are a team leader or manager here  attention if you work for the palms run dont  to the gm of this place and shake them awake they  helpnnfood so so bad . all three of our entrees were barely half eaten . the food is mediocre at  . and it took for ... ... ev ... ..er . the salsa bar yuck ... .clean it more than once a day.nni wish i had asked for my money back but my thought is if i had  to see a manager i would still be sitting there waiting for them to show up . nnmy only guess as to why anyone  give a good rating ... they were drunk from the pool and didnt know any better .
__label__neg i was so excited to try this place such great reviews . as soon as we got there the excitement turned to disappointment . my husband and i decided on a last minute date night when i get off work . i had been looking at this on yelp and it was on my list . we went last night sunday and got there about 8 pm they closed at 9 pm.nnfirst we walked in was not sure where to go since it was out first time . someone walked by and said the hostess will be back in a few minutes . so we waited..and waited . about 15 minutes later a hostess arrived . we asked to be seated outside since it was beautiful out . she was annoyed that the table she sat us at was  against a bench which i kept  my elbow on . we asked to move there were a lot of tables which annoyed her even more . about 15 minutes later our server showed up granted now the close in 30 minutes . we asked for a cup of ice and lemons for our water multiple times ... never saw those the whole meal . she came to the table for our order and stated they only had 4 pizzas left so if we wanted pizza we needed to  immediately . since we had never been there looking at the menu for 34 minutes was not enough time but we wanted pizza . we got a pepperoni like pizza and a sausage and potato white pizza . we also ordered calamari as a appetizer . nnwhen the food came out all of it came at once . this is my biggest pet peeve of restaurants appetizers come before a meal ... not with it the calamari was nothing to talk about ... frozen and  . the best thing about it was that we got the lemons with is so we used those in our water . the pizzas came out at the same time ... again  great . the crust was actually delicious but there was hardly any cheese on them at all . we asked for parm cheese never got that either . on the potato pizza the potatoes were still hard under cooked so we peeled them all off . the pepperoni was okay just needed more cheese . the crust was the best part of the pizza . nnthe food was  ... the service was horrible never got what we asked for drinks empty  meal and rushed to get everything since it was close to closing . i  with this experience we will not come back here . we drove over 30 minutes to try this place and it was a disappointment . i know there are a lot of good reviews but this is my view which is not great .
__label__pos thanks to fez for being my most  go to hang . i  sit at the bar and have never had problems with the service . they serve my  hummus  breath and the best strong bloody marys and i  myself a connoisseur of both everything ive had here is delish . go on saturday or sunday for cheap 
__label__pos  sunday  . excellent    .    food . i like this place .
__label__pos really like grimaldis when i am craving for some new york coal  brick oven pizza . it definitely has its own unique taste and is a treat . yummo.nnbeen to a few of their other locations and each one is slightly different  and out . this one has a nice covered patio when you are in the mood for partying outside.nnnormally get there when they open and go with a  sausage pepperoni and shrooms . seen a version of a pesto pizza brought to the table next to me and it looked and smelled awesome . im getting hungry just writing this review.nnvery friendly and  service during the lunch hour . what i like most is they will bring you extra shakers to spike up your ny pie . some extra garlic parmesan cheese a good  of oregano and a large amount crushed chili peppers gets me jumping . nicennthis location is in the top secret dc ranch . i say top  because it is tricky even seeing it from the street . good  we know friends that live nearby and  us to other restaurants in the ranch . use your gps if it helps . giddy up
__label__neg had a party of 26 to this establishment . from the outside looking in this place looked great . but as they say looks can be deceiving . beginning with the service they definitely lacked it . i dont know how many times i had to walk up to the waiter asking for another glass of wine to be filled or water . than came the food . 9 guests ordered the  and scallops entree except they forgot to put on the scallops . when mentioned the waiter apologized and brought out a plate of scallops and tossed 2 per individual . nnwe brought our own birthday cake and when it was carried to our table the edges had thumb  on the sides thus ruining a nice  of a custom made cake . when i asked how did this happen the manager ugly betty i called her said it wasnt there fault and gave me  . but the worst thing about this is they had the gall to charge us 52 to cut and serve our cake . and this was after they ruined it . nnthe music and band was nice but we asked them to play the birthday song once the cake was brought out . instead they played the birthday song 10 mins before the cake was brought out and all of us were confused why are we singing the bday  and cake is not out . nnas the party began to unwind a group of us were standing and talking near the table when the clean up crew comes up and tells us to remove all of our belongings from the table . i was disgusted that here we are still trying to enjoy ourselves and their basically throwing us out . nnto say the least i will  patron this place again . our  and family were in shock as well . nnbuyer beware
__label__neg this steakhouse is located within caesars  and is not contained in the forum shops . we have eaten many times in the forum shops and wanted to try something local to the casino . nni had obtained a reservation for 730pm through the tollfree number provided by caesars to reach any restaurant in the casino . after wasting time sitting at the bar we were finally taken to our table shortly after 815pm we were basically ignored and had to constantly ask when our table would be ready . i can be as cool and carefree as the next guy but this was a business dinner so i thought the wait was excessive . to be fair they eventually did get the manager who came to us and offered to buy the round of drinks we had in front of us . this was a kind gesture but we wished we had ordered cocktails instead of the round of cokes . and to that we would have just preferred our table.nni would  to say that once we were seated our experience improved but i can not . i have been to nice restaurants when there is an understanding that it will be a long meal and you may as well get comfortable . neros is not that type of a place but our meal took forever . they may have been understaffed but it was impossible to get  of our server . nni  my meal with a bowl of the lobster bisque which was the only highlight of the night . to credit neros it might be the best bisque i have had in las vegas and was certainly one of the best i have  had . nni had my goto bonein ribeye for dinner . i was very glad that it was served with the house steak sauce because the steak was dry . that is the restaurants fault . what is not necessarily its fault was the fact that my steak was just a bad cut . i happened to get a piece that was replete with  spots that were too tough to cut through and certainly not edible . that happens and i may have said something if the service had been better or if that hadnt been futile once before in las vegas . nni spoke with a few other people who had eaten there and their feelings were better than mine but lukewarm overall . i can not see any reason why this would not be my only dinner at neros . there are too many good restaurants in  vegas to go back to one where you have had a negative experience .
__label__neg horrible experience we went in around 11pm when they were only serving their late night menu . we were told to seat ourselves so we  to a table  in the middle of the restaurant next to two other full tables.nnwe waited 15 minutes no one came to our table we  3 other servers walk by . after having to go  someone up front to get our server finally our server came by and got our order.. with no apology for the wait.nnwe ordered a burger and wings . our burger came out wrong . our server never came back to  on us.. so we pushed the burger to the  of the table . finally another 20 minutes later he came by and asked how things were..nnafter we told him everything that we were mad about he never  or asked if he could do  to fix it . just said he would comp our bill and walked away
__label__neg punch me in the throat why dont yountwist the knife before you pull it out of my backnthis is a update of my review posted on july 6th for a questionable vist we experienced on the  of july.ni recived a reply from someone claiming to be the business owner saying she was sorry and to contact her if i had any questions . must of been bogus we  to contact her a  of times with no success . they must be busy planning there next scam . if you have 100 seats  a 100 tickets not a 120 hoping some wont  . you made your money  that is greed.nonce  twice shy .
__label__neg overwhelming price underwhelming foodnnthe place has beautiful ambiance and  prices but the food quality was subpar . we  the calamari which was greasy the  was stale and the 28 halibut en papillote tasted like dirty  . the only thing that was any good was the lobster bisque but not the best ive ever had by a stretch . this is definitely a nogo . there are way better places to spend  on food in vegas .
__label__neg im sorry to have to do this but the owner of this place is a jerk . i got yelled at for playing pinball in a way that has helped me play very well in pinball tournaments and leagues over the years and not one time has anyone including the owners of some very rare and valuable games mentioned anything to me about abusing a machine . but that wasnt the case here at the pinball  of fame . instead i was  in a very confrontational way that new stern machines were all made of plastic the  buttons of course the sides huh and the legs did he  just say that and that i better calm down or i would be asked to leave . bullhit . he treated me like a moronflat out lied to me thinking i must not know any better . this was after he stood about 5 feet away from me with his arms crossed watching very disapprovingly as i would hit the side of an avatar machine to keep the ball from exiting the right orbit and dropping into the right sling . watch just about any pinball video or tutorial and its pretty clear this is the sorta thing you have to do to control the ball and continue playing . it also does absolutely nothing to harm the game and hitting the side with a sledgehammer certainly wouldnt have caused a pop bumper to be nonfunctional or the oneway gate at the top of the left orbit to be jammed up as they were on this particular machine . it also wouldnt have caused acdc to be about 5 degrees off level . and to make matters worse i never encountered a tilt warning on acdc avatar or the one em i  before i was warned for a second time for making a very light slap save.nni would think that mr. tim arnold of such long standing participation in the world of pinball operation maintenance and collecting would know how to set a tilt bob to prevent players from being able to move the game in the slightest since thats apparently what he wants . i can now only assume thats much too difficult a task and it doesnt give him an opportunity to eject people that obviously know what the hell theyre doing on a pinball machine and that might otherwise complain about the poor operational condition of most of the games in his establishment . i chose to leave on my own after the second warning during which time i was followed out the door while continuing to be berated . i have no desire to ever go back and give this guy another quarter so he can flip it all to the salvation army 400k last year while  to let his games sit broken and refusing help from volunteers to get them repaired in a  time  . youd think he could take some of that money and invest it back into the place but i guess thats now how he wants to do business . it keeps the complainers away .
__label__neg one  disgustingnnthe  on  is   .
__label__pos  pasteries are delicious . crepes are nicely prepared and not overcooked which could be  as a desert or entree . this location is not as  the  in belagio during the time i  in aria . it is  located for those that are staying in aria . location is not to far from the  from the  .
__label__pos great   in   . great  .    . try the salmon . bad pasta and pizza . bad sushi .
__label__neg overrated . guys dont wear tanks to this buffet cause they wont let you in theyll  you buy a  shirt unless you are staying at the wynn and can  to your room to change . food was not that great and service was even worse . the lady that was supposed to serve us got our drinks once and never came back to check for refills we had to get other waiters to  us more drinks . we wanted to try this buffet going off the ratings and  on here and also spent more at this buffet than any other but were very disappointed with it . studio b at m resort and wicked  at cosmo way way way  food and service .
__label__neg i used to be a big fan of the buffet at the wynn with its insane variety of meaty goodness vegan and vegetarian options for those who want to live a healthier lifestyle and a room packed full of desserts that always made me feel a little like willie wonka . i used to tell people it was the best buffet on the vegas strip but i am no longer a fan . nnmy last visit there was just before labor day  and was very  . nnthe veal short rib was the only dish that was truly exceptional while everything else i sampled was just so lackluster the fried chicken was on par with the kind my local grocery store sells by the greasy boxful the cajun pork loin was flavorless and didnt inspire me to zydeco and the sweet pea risotto was bland and a little too crunchy for my liking.nneven my favorite goto desserts seemed to have been replaced with piteous knockoffs that left a chilling invasion of the dessert snatchers vibe in the air . the cheesecake pops and cake pops i once loved there were now storebought marshmallows that were coated in a humdrum icing and violently impaled on a stick . the gelato that was once bustling with exciting flavors was now deferential and hesitant . nnthe service too was seriously lacking . while water and drink orders are often frequently refilled at most buffets and restaurants our waiters appearances could be best described as spectral he showed up at the start of the meal and was never  or heard from again . if he has 40 years younger i would have initiated an amber alert . nnsadly no one came by at any time to pick up the pile of used dishes that were quickly accumulating on our table either . it got so ridiculous that we decided to clear the table ourselves and place our many dishes on the empty fourseater across from us . even sadder a lone diner was seated at that very table shortly thereafter with everyone oblivious to the jenga tower of plates and unappetizing leftovers erected diagonally  from her . nnon the up side many of the diners seemed to be enamored with the giant crab legs that were pouring  out of the kitchen . plates were filled two and three feet high with these savory crustaceans that was a high point of this buffet . these crabloving guests tended to ignore the other offerings available to them . were they in the know or were they there just for the crabnnthe immense popularity of the crab leg station and the sheer volume being consumed by some diners who seemed almost unhinged in their pursuit to up the levels of omega3s in their systems seemed to be the raison du00eatre for this buffet.nnmaybe this is the reason that the wynn has just given up sure the presentation and vibrant colors of the many meals at each station really stood out appealed to the eye and made me want to try everything . but it almost felt like the  outside of the crab legs were just there for show along with the inedible flower arrangements and the decorative flourishes that adorn this dining hall and provide it with its atmosphere .
__label__neg bottomless sunday brunch was just ok. the food was typical bulk standard and most dishes were lukewarm . we were with a large  so a hefty  was already  despite the subpar service . the bloody  was below average so i would skip the bottomless  .  the brunch buffet was way overpriced for simple average food quality and mediocre service . two stars because it is  for  groups .
__label__neg this place is great for the vegas virgin who wants to eat at bellagio and pretend they have the rock star lifestyle . however being a los angeles native with many years of vegas experience i consider fix to be the typical trap . nnnone of their dishes are standouts that you would go to fix for because they specialize in something  .  everything they serve can be had  better or cheaper somewhere else . the steak yes it was good but if i want a  steak for cheaper actually id walk north on paradise for a couple blocks and sit down at ruths chris . nni sat with a big  and was able to try a variety of dishes . i personally had the sea bass which was  on a bed of risotto it was tasty but the small size and average dish didnt warrant a 48 price tag . nnthe drinks carry your typical vegas price tag . for a dewars on the rocks and a saphire tonic the price without tip was 27.nndont get me wrong the food was good but the prices are simply outrageous for dishes i can get better at other highend restaurants .
__label__pos fix is an excellent restaurant . beautifully designed with  food and  . if the food is excellent but the service is horrible it just makes the experience a bitter taste in your mouth . ive read and heard horrible reviews about fix due to its staff . nluckily for us we had tom he was adorably handsome professional and attentive . we made  through the light group for a prefix bachelorette party dinner . tom  everything in detail and answered any questions we had on the menu . he made a great recommendation of a cucumber  that we still rave about . the kobe burgers and maccheese sticks just melt in your mouth . nni have to be honest  i recommended fix to my husband when the guys went out to vegas for the bachelor party and they had an awful experience ... the server was a complete arrogant ahole . nthe next day i  a very nice handwritten card from tom thanking us for our visit ... i showed my husband and told him see i told you to ask for tom . i told him i was recommending the place to you .
__label__pos ive  fix every time ive visited vegas . its an absolutely perfect goto spot when hitting the bellagio for same gambling . ive always sat in the barlounge area which is super duper for people watching . how do  take themselves seriously and why do dudes from la all wear shirts with dragons eating  eating  but i digress ... nnkobe cheese fries are a must . had the beef carpacio on last visit and was some of the best ive had .  tacos were good.. but theyre cold on purpose . was expecting warm . crab cake sliders  everything down nicely.nnwaitresses are top notch grade a government certified talent . oh and theyre pretty good at serving things too .
__label__pos great food . great  . always     you up front . im with my wife no i am not being a creep notherwiseni love this place nhave the ahi tuna appetizer nothing like it anywherencucumber martini   steaks pasta everything . never had bad  here .
__label__neg i arranged to have my companys holiday dinner at fix . what a big mistake it was . we had a big group of over 30 people they arranged to have us sit in round tables joined together some had 4 people others had 5 or 6 people . while the food was subpar at best the service was the worst i have ever experienced . it started during appetizer when each plate had 4  of flat bread . the servers didnt bother to make sure that tables with 5 or  people had enough for everyone so i had to flag them down to ask . when the main course was served the steak came before the steak sauce and some tables were missing steak sauce . as the host i was expecting the waiters and waitresses to take care of making sure my guests were well taken care of . instead i had to run from table to table to make sure everyone had enough sauce . needless to say this wasnt the only problem . the side dishes mashed potatoes and cream spinach were so small i manage to get 1 teaspoon of it and there was hardly enough for my table of 4. i had to complain and the waitress brought out  extra side for my entire party . the same thing happened at dessert . some tables got their doughnut desserts others did not . i had to run around again bringing extra  from one table to another . after complaining to the waitress that i want to speak to the manager it took an employee of mine to finally  the assistant general manager to come over to talk to me . nnin any decent restaurant my experience would have resulted in a discount a reduction in service fees or at least some sort of compensation to make up for the bad service but all i heard from him was he was sorry . nni will  host another group event at any of the mgm properties or restaurant again because of this bad experiences . fix needs some serious fixing . the manager should be fired for the inability to supervise and the servers need much more training . the  is over priced and for the 600 in gratuities they charged me compulsory for large groups i was expecting far better service than this.nnthe atmosphere was horrible . you can smell cigarette smoke coming in from the casino and the sound was so loud i couldnt hear anything the person sitting across from me was saying  them having to shout.nnavoid this restaurant for large groups
__label__pos best meal of my  so far hands down . nnwhen 4 out of my 5 best buds fell  just before the weekend of my 21st birthday my mom decided that she and i were going to vegas instead . at first i was bummed that my friends couldnt make it but what a trip it was and this meal was the crown jewel . we both had the classics tasting menu with wine pairings . nnthe service was  from the moment we walked it the bread was fresh and heavenly we had a view of the bellagio pool ... and did i mention that the sommelier there is both knowledgeable and hot after a few glasses of wine i was debating  him if he was married ... but no i didnt . got ta keep it classy in a place like thisnni dont remember each specific dish but the standout was that maine lobster pot  . dear  i was frustrated that i  too full to finish it so luscious simple and yet complex at the same time . mm deserves every minute of fame that hes had due to that dish . totally exquisite .
__label__pos drunken debauchery occurring all day long in las vegas why not how can something so wrong feel so right nngod i love moorea . i walk right in skipping the line and i feel right at home . hello pool hello cabana hello bottle service hello girls with out their tops on . i like the looks of this . i  the looks of this a lot . nnnot hard to fall in love with moorea especially if rehab is not your  . moorea is a smaller version of rehab minus the dirty brown pool that i wouldnt set a foot in . i actually got in the pool at moorea and  around wait i take that back walked around i didnt swim technically . such a great crowd here everyone is laid back and chill and looking to avoid the whole  hour wait 100 cover to get into rehab only to chill with a bunch of meat heads and go go  . nnthe best part about moorea had to be the  beds . i loved them . great bottle service . we danced everywhere in there . took shots from everyone . didnt have to wait long at the bar or bathroom which is a huge plus . i would definitely go back again nnps . you can take your top of here too ladies no shame in that dont worry about which of my friends and i did or didnt  in the fun .
__label__pos you need only remember  words when you visit this restaurant . braised short ribs . you will never taste anything so divine anywhere else . the meat is so tender that a gentle nudge from your fork is all you need to begin your  to heaven.nni only gave  stars because we discovered during our second visit to this restaurant which was during august last year they were using white wine to braise the meat instead of red wine what a  . the chef was going for a lighter taste and it just did not  as well . the dish was still delicious and its worth ordering but once youve been spoiled with the original red wine version it was a  disappointing .  the chef will realize that you cant improve perfection and go  to the red wine .
__label__pos daniel boulud i am a fan so my review is just a little biased . nnthe restaurant is  an upscale vegasfied brasserie . the usual items like steak frites  tart tatin and a few  dishes are of of course staples . definitely try the shortribs . if you dont like shortribs well too bad . these shortribs are excellent . im a  onion  fan and this is one of my favorites that are readily available . you can surely tell that the broth isnt  assembled and has been layered and simmering for some time . ahhhhh . nntruthfully the service can be spotty and for what youre paying you should  just a little more attentiveness . is it enough to turn me  no im going back .
__label__pos ah ... another charlotte staple when choosing a ultra gourmet and romantic evening . this was my first visit to the fig tree and i was very excited to see what it was all about to say the least . i had already decided on my entree before even walking in the door so i was all  . thankfully my girlfriend with her grand ways made reservations during the same time they were decorated for christmas so the atmosphere was just perfect for us . i ended up getting the grouper that came laden in a butter sauce with lobster meat that adorned the top . it was great the cheese plate we had prior was good as well but may be a bit overpriced at 17. my girlfriend  up getting the pork  entru00e9e and wasnt  at all with the  of the chops as they were a  too fatty ... .shame . i later tried the chops and i would have to agree they werent exactly fat free but i soldiered through it anyway ...  the service was impeccable and delightful and the whole experience all be it a little  due to the chops was good enough to have me back again
__label__pos  happy  37 monsat and  the 22oz  and small sake for 7.75. salmon  was nice and vegas roll . cant go wrong with the tuna tataki and rainbow roll for 7.75 each during hh .
__label__neg ra ha ha ha ha ok enough laughing   about the restaurant this location was terrible . upon approaching the restaurant i noticed that there was hardly anyone inside . came up to the front door and i noticed like hundreds of   prints on there glass doors oh well so they dont like to clean there glass windows no biggy . nnwe got seated pretty quickly being that there were very little people there that night . ordered viva las vegas and spicy tuna and a california roll all were pretty terrible . we  ordered garlic lemon edamame and it was  good but there is a pit where all the juice and chili garlic all falls into and then youre forced to fish them out with some chopsticks . nnthe service was ok the waitress really never came back after she took our order . some other girl brought out our sushi instead and that was about it the next time we seen our waitress was when she brought us our check . would i come back heck no this  sucked all around reason for the laughter oh well at least i  a good laugh out of it .
__label__neg 1 star is more than this place deserves . its a complete joke in there . nn9 21 year old girls on new years and we wanted a place that wasnt too expensive but had an open bar .  that was ibar . the reviews werent bad and the description and video tour made it out to be an actual club in the rio . we were with our best friends in vegas at a club . how bad could it be so 140  we had tickets for new years . nnthen we got there ... and let me tell you ... it was bad . the club is merely a raised platform bar in the middle of the casino . it smelled like  and we were the youngest people there by 30 years . there was no room to stand and we werent allowed to sit down because we hadnt purchased a table why anyone would purchase a table there is beyond me . then we found out other people had walked in for free . cool . nnthe fact that they make this place out to be something is not and charged us anything to get in is what the real problem is . dont be fooled people ... its a bar smack in the middle of a casino . it ruined my new years and i hope you never have to experience what i did at ibar.nni do however suggest checking it out if you  a good laugh . just picture 9  21 years old girls  out for new years in the bar and youll guaranteed get a good chuckle .
__label__pos  i wanted to give pinot brasserie only 3 stars for the insulting escargot but because of how well they treated us i bumped them up to four.nni ate here for lunch . my friend and i shared an  and entree . i ordered the escargo and he ordered the leek tart.nnmy escargo was bland . bland escargo really it was so bland that i scooped up some of the butter from my  and put in with the sauce . it helped but i was still disappointed . nnthe leek tart and side  on the other  was delish the balsamic dressing they use was to  for . while our waiter came to speak with us we dropped the whole culinary students thaang on him and he told us that he had gone to le cordon blue ... .we got a good laugh because the pastry teacher he had transferred to our school and we had fun picking on him.nnlater when we were done he gave us our check and told us that management would like to buy us a desert . i looked at my friend as saidit is my birthday why not he gave us the desert menu . creme brulee ive done it a million times cheesecake can get it anywhere . souflee would take too long ... ..but  whats this roasted strawberries with a balsamic reduction infused with mint and vanilla served with fog goat cheese im there.nnwe ordered it and soon the waiter came out telling us that management would like to  us each a glass of wine to pair with our desert . nnyes pleasenni dont know wines yet give me another year to start on that but it was a sparkling wine that went perfect with the awesome desert . woah those flavors blew me awaynnwould i eat there again maybe . if i have the same 2 gentlemen and i would have to avoid the escargot . hmmph .
__label__neg omg stay awaynnthe restaurant was nearly empty but the  was sooooo slow.nwe waited probably over 40 minutes for our food.nthe server was always missing.nnthe nachos were salty . the cheese itself is  too salty . however i did like how it had a slight  to it.nnmy steak and eggs were horrible.ni ordered medium rare but it came almost  well.nit was realllly hard to eat . it just didnt taste good . i had to use a1 and ketchup to make it taste somewhat decent.nni  from others that the french  soup was super salty . they added hot water that was for their tea to the soup to make it a  better.nnnever again
__label__pos second time here and first time to review . a friend of ours  dinner reservations for sat evening by the window and within  mins of arrival we were seated right above the strip  the wynn . my recommendation is to bring 3 friends so you can  the family style meal on the back of the menu . there are three   and we chose the 30.95pp . you choose and everyone shares 2 salads 2 appetizers 2 pasta dishes 2 entrees and 2 deserts . and if you want more just  . it is ayce . nnmy rating is for the family style experience .
__label__pos best variety for the money quality is  notch ... .its nice that there is chef supervision over the buffet at regular intervals along the stations . they observe how the food is moving out and frequently will tidy or beautify a steam table to keep things attractive.nthe duck is the best i have had since my late night peking duck runs to chinatown while at college thirtyodd years ago.nthe crab was very good not as saline and watery as many buffets provide . the hot butter was clarified and yes it was butter not margarine or some other  oil gloop ... .ngreat mashed squash like great aunt edna would make at thanksgiving dinners.nthe turkey was excellent with a subtle spicing in the rub and the gravy . nthe fried clams were meaty and not at all greasy or heavily battered.nthe spicy shrimp were alittle bland for me but buffets are not for the spice lover in any case.nthe braised pork chops had quite a few fans at our table as well as the prime rib . i quite loved the lo mein and the black pepper chicken.nnice stir fry station.nthe gelato selection is nice and very tasty ... no freezer burned ice cream hereni had the most delicious cherries jubilee with big  black cherries and caramelly bananas foster and a heavenly mexican flan  caramel same difference . the rice pudding with coconut and  fruit was interesting and flavourful but put a couple of people off who were looking for dinerstyle rice pudding ... boring.nthe non alcoholic drink service is quick and refills come without asking . the alcohol service is odd ... you have to go to the bar and pay first before they will deliver it to your table . i guess they have had too many people drink and dash in the past.nthere are some foods that you should stay away from at a buffet pizza burgers steak as they  are not great to have just sitting under the heat lampsteamer table ... ick ... nthe rio has a distinct odor of strong nasty cigarette smoke everywhere that was not there three years ago ... they really  a new airfiltration system and an overall cleaningrepainting to get rid of the stench . while it is less oppressive in the buffet area it is still apparent as people are allowed to smoke in the seating sections so you cant really get away from it . vegas should seriously  of having no smoking restrictions in restaurants and designated areas for non smoking gamblers to enjoy while throwing away more money . i left right after dinner because of the smell and the heat . pity i went elsewhere to enjoy after dinner drinks and a quick little gamble . how many others do the same and the rio loses out on additional income
__label__neg i wanted to eat here because i have always heard the rio had a great buffet ... nni wish i had not wasted my  . nni waited in line for about an hour just to pay then another 10 minutes to be  . nnthey provided no way to crack the crab and i ended up hurting my  . the rest of the food tasted pretty much like cafeteria  . for 40 bucks a person i feel is was  not worth it .  the rio is really run down looking so i didnt even enjoy hanging around after  .
__label__neg i dont know why year after year i  going back to this place expecting something  .  selection food is buffet food average but after youve been to the wynn mirage or other  at this price youll  why you wont go back.nnagain the  is enormous . but the food is average or below average . plus the cost in my opinion is high for what you get . not a real fan . its more of a convenience for me when i  there because there arent many choices in the hotel .
__label__neg ive had   at sizzler . long lines stale food and just a very dirty  . this  to be the spot to eat if you  a   . garbage
__label__neg i was satisfied coming here when it was 50 locals . for around 17 this buffet was good . but for full price of a 25 discount for most locals its not worth it at all . nnthe front entrance of the buffet reminds me of a corral where cattle are  into . theres electronic pay machines one one side and a small booth for the human counterparts . the problem here is when you want to get a discount which you can get 1 off with their  card you have to line up in the human one and that one is long at times.nnservice is pretty lazy and the layout of the buffet seating is pretty odd in  . booths can feel broken at times and chairs are uncomfortable . drinks are drinks but the alcohol service is pay by drink others like studio b are complimentary . nnthis buffet is large but most of it is made up of make your own stations that suck . make your own tacos with prepackageseasy to cut up stuff and whatnot litter this place . nnthe food is basically o.k . not amazing but not disgusting by any means . salad and soups are standard fare asian sections sit around for a while cheap sushi sits out and certain steamed items get hard and gooy after a while . crab legs though i hate them were rather thin but people still flock to them . what i find  is that the previously frozen fried  was greatfried perfectly and the deserts were pretty good aside from the random one that looks great but tastes  and is  to eat . nnif youre a visitor go somewhere else.nif youre a local without their platinum membership go somewhere else.nif you have that platinum  card think about going .
__label__neg what an overrated pretentious place.nnwe went there on a  club bike and dine event . first impression was nice . bike parking by the water  nice patio with trees.nnwe had a section outside reserved for our group but that section was not covered by trees and we didnt have any more  to sit or even stand comfortably so we sat down at a table next to the group on the patio.nn10 minutes later no one brought us water or asked if we wanted anything but a douche of a waiter covered in  tattoos told us we couldnt sit there because it was reserved for guests . i asked him why he thought that we werent guests and he gave me an  about how this is for different guests and we had to get up in a threatening voice . he probably wanted this table for a tip that otherwise wouldnt have went directly to him.nndespite their greediness we still stayed with the group and went inside where i had a mexican coke but i didnt think that it was warranted to spend 30 dollars on some ribeye tacos and a fancy alcoholic drink because i dont like being treated like cattle.nnwithin 15 minutes 4 tables opened up and i went back outside where i sat down at a table again and the  jackass gave my wife and me a mean intimidating look as if he was about to get violent to the point that my wife was scared of him and wouldnt dare sit down.nni wonder if they hire their  staff directly out of tent city.nnanyway im not going back .
__label__neg i was underwhelmed with my experience at matts big breakfast although i  the place prompted by  from others . the  is cute and the place delivers wholesome foods made with fresh organic ingredients . the breakfast fare here is nothing spectacular although they do simple brunch foods well . dont expect  fancy or fusion . nnmy waffle was perfectly adequate and while i thought the almost spaghettilike hash browns were interestingtasty the rest of my table disagreed.nnstandard breakfast fare  simply  to write home about .
__label__pos before flying out of phoenix we decided to fuel up by having breakfast here . we were drawn to the location based on the number of reviews . so we decided to give it a  . nnwe ate in their new location apparently the  was down the block and about 12 the size it is now . nnthe staffworkers all welcomed us with  chat . they all sported  skinny jeans tshirts and a zip up sweat shirts . the industrial like environment made conversations bounce off walls which caused it to be loud and sometimes difficult to hear . but it was clean and service was fastnni ordered the breakfast special . our waiter praised the deliciousness of their french toast and apple smoked sausage . wow was he correct . the french toast was incredible . the sausage was good . i normally do not eat pork products anymore so my rating of good i am sure does not do it justice.nnmy  does not eat pork products so when we asked about alternatives like chicken sausage turkey bacon or soy they did not have any . so his breakfast choice immediately became  . he ordered the cheese omelet . it was filled with mushrooms and red peppers . potatoes and a side of bread accompanied his dish.nnthe coffee was not bad but at the same time left us not thrilled about it either . so we strolled a few blocks down to buy some strong brewed starbucks coffee.nnwe enjoyed our  . if we lived in phoenix i am sure wed eat there again . however on our next  well probably choose another place with meat alternatives and more green chile .
__label__pos love this bbq  and love that its local . sometimes you can  the meat  as you  by . the  asada is really good and its nice to be able to  open table for reservations . nice  and some really  grill .
__label__pos loved the  .  service and  tiramisu to die for . ambience fits the   . full service  .  place to  out .
__label__pos great  eve  margaritas were ok fajitas were   was great . a fellow yelper recommended the guacamole ...  with the  and three tasty  ...  the chipotle
__label__neg   mexican food .   is the  .  pond with ducks in the middle of the facility . go for the beauty of it not for the   . they seem to cater to the cave creek tourist semi cowboy trade .
__label__neg    for    . my   was the dessert bar . other than that the other food was ok. as for breakfast the selection was disappointing especially in the dessert bar . overall not memorable . go to bellagios buffet its much better .
__label__neg looks like this place has been going down the drain recentlynni came here based on recommendations from friends . boy was i disappointed.nnyou cant deny the quantity of food . there was plenty . quality now thats another issue . everything i ate was room temperature . pasta . room temperature . meat . room temperature . soup . room temperature . there was no flavor in the food . very disappointing.nnnow even though the food was terrible it was not the worst part the service was horrid . never in my life i thought to be treated this way . it started innocently by asking for a bowl for my soup . i rudely heard ask your server . i dont want to ask my server . i am asking you . then i went to get some notprime  . after slicing my piece the notattendant literally threw the  into my plate . are you serious i thought . nnbut we were just getting started . we have been in the restaurant for about 30 minutes coming and going  to find something decent to eat . since my  got dirty i asked the server for some new ones . nothing . i asked again . nothing . i asked  person . nothing . one more time . nothing . finally i got up to get my own  . than i hear i need to see your receipt . i thought he was talking to someone else .  he was directing his question to me . i explained i have been here for a while and dont you remember my handsome face . no he replied . anyway i ignored him got my fork and went back to suffer from the food on my plate.nnplease dont make the mistake my friends and i made . do not come here . dont even think about coming here . unless of course you want to laugh at  food and bad service .
__label__pos i am a buffet connoiseur . when i go to las vegas and i know i am  to eat at a buffet that day i eat exactly one meal a day at the buffet of the day that lasts four hours . theres a lot of ground to cover and i am  . nnle village buffet is one of my favorite buffets in  vegas . nni like to get pineapple or orange juice when i eat here . citrus and any acidic juice help the digestive process . nnbreakfast and dinner are best here . nnhere are my favorite  for both breakfast and dinnernn crepes handmade right before youn  also before youn omelettesn bouillabaisse not sure on the spelling excuse men green beansn desserts pastries pie and mousse galore divine this is their specialtynnthere are a lot of french specialties for dinner which is really nice and the layout of the buffet is supernice . the different stations are set up to represent a different region of france bordeaux nice provence etc . and of course different parts of the meal salad dessert  courses sides ... nnof course they have many buffet staples which were also delicious.nnthe decor is lovely it feels like youre in a parisian courtyard . beautiful . the sky is always blue and clear here . nncant wait to  
__label__neg ive been here twice and both  ive been dissappointed . 22pp is extremely high for the small breakfast  . i think 15 is the most they should charge for the quality . i was thinking about the 24hr  but they jacked that up to 79 on the weekend . no thanks my entire family left very unsatisfied . on a positive note the crepe with the  mix was very good . nncheck out studio b at the m.  half the price and  the quality .
__label__pos the girlfriend got a deal off groupon for  for two with all you can drink for 36. nnwe came here the  after edc youre probably  a buffet after edc i know it sounds terrible but surprisingly i had a great time . nnit was my  time at the paris buffet but ive been to the wicked spoon wynn buffet and the one at caesars so i thought this place wasnt going to  . the wait was short for a vegas buffet i think we only had to wait 1520 minutes before we were seated . now onto the review itselfnn3 stars for the food they have a decent selection of sea food and french cuisines . my favorite is the bouillabaisse spell check please haha our server was really nice and was on top of everything . the dessert section was pretty  and it only has two flavors of ice cream.nn1 star for the all you can drink honestly after the 5th mimosa everything tasted the same . of course being asian we have to get every drop of liquor out of my money . so we went for about  more . nni had a lot of fun with my friends here if you get a chance to buy the groupon definantly take advantage . its great value other than that its a typical vegas buffet .
__label__pos we visited le village early on a thursday night and were not sure what to expect based on the varying yelp reviews . however i must say that both my wife and i were pleasantly surprised . nnthe wait was nearly nonexistent it was early thursday after all and we were seated within  minutes despite having no reservation . our server was  but was clearly having to man a lot of duties as it was a good 10 minutes between each visit . nnbut of course any buffet lives and dies on the food and the  here ranges from average to surprisingly good . the highlights were the fantastic crepe station le singe a banana and hazelnut crepe was excellent the flan which was some of the  ive had buffet or otherwise and the seafood offerings like bouillabaisse and arrabiata mussels . the other entries were all  to good and i cleared all three  . nnthe  might be a touch high especially with the bellagio across the street for a few dollars more but i actually preferred this buffet to the wynn which we are in the same week . its a quaint french countryside take on the vegas buffet and a fair choice for your bachanalian endulgence .
__label__pos ive lived in charlotte for almost ten years ... . and in my head ive always thought cantina is a 3 star kind of place . that is until our friday night adventure here.nnwalked in around 930pm . the place was super busy . there was some sort of large private  happening in the side room . we grabbed drinks at the bar while we waited for a table to open . took only a few minutes.nnone of the major reasons for my  in heart to add a star the current staff . the bartenders the servers the  ... man have they nailed it with a tremendous crew right now . a lot fun super  they all genuinely look like they enjoy being there . when people can have that good of a time at  ... you know its a great place . on to the food ... .nnpicante piu00f1a . house infused pineapple tequila muddled with fresh pineapple agave nectar lime juice and a muddled serrano pepper . holy expletive . i  a spicy margarita and this is just fantastic . the muddled combo of  and pepper give it such a great flavor . i usually only have one spicy margarita when i go to a mexican restaurant . i had two here ... and contemplated a third.nnguac made table side . fresh . delicious . perfection.nnchips n salsa solid . and the bowls never went empty . thats the way to my heart ... keeping my snacks full.nnchicken tortilla soup tastes like a giant hug . i dont mean for that to sound weird great flavor . big chunks of chicken . the cup is a pretty good size.nnpork belly taco sliders four little tacos of deliciousness . perfect little bites.nnpig wings carnitas get these . no seriously . get these . i actually got them by accident . the kitchen sent out the  thing . wow am i glad they did . make sure you eat them with all the side fixings . these won an award at one of the charlotte food festivals.nncantina i must say im impressed with you right now . the food the service the people . hope this trend continues .
__label__pos great beef nonnorth  style  .  beer selection . one of my favorite places to  grub and watch some  . their  is also  on the eyes which doesnt hurt  .
__label__pos  bbq in  . kansas city beef  hush  and  .  up   with great food . love this place
__label__pos great    beer  i have had .   lots of  on draft .  yeah ill be back .
__label__pos if you have a craving for some chinese food come here . i like this place because its one of the few chinese restaurants on the strip that   of close to tasting like it . and the price is reasonable considering where it is .  i come here i go to vegas 2 to 3 times a year ive always had  service . of course it wont be as good as the restautants in the sf bay area though.nni know they have some other nonchinese things here like sake but they have mostly chinese dishes . this is what i ordered the last time i was there nhot and  soupkind of spicy but i like spicynred won tonskind of plain but not badnspicy beef tripethis was good although i  it warm didnt know it was a cold dishnsi jiu beefthis was good
__label__neg yuck i can not believe this place has  some good reviews . i was in vegas 3 weeks ago went to the tao . the alcohol in my stomach was feeling lonely so we went to noodle asia after leaving the club at  1230am on a saturday night . on a busy night i would imagine a full staff of waiters and cooks ... not this night 2 waiters 2 cooks and 1 hostess . we had  couples ahead of  in line to be seated . nwait time for a table 50 minutes . ntime after ordering our food until it arrived to our table 45 minutes . ntime to eat5 minutes flat . ntime it took for the waiter to take to print out our check 15 minutes . nthe soup i ordered   dish wash  . nservice abruptborderline rudennnext time ill skip this joint and opt for room service .
__label__neg i ate here on two  trips to vegas this year and my experience went from bad to worse . i gave noodle asia the benefit for the doubt and went a 2nd time in june and this is by far the worst chinese food i have ever had anywhere . my gf and i just about hurled our food when we tasted it and at 45 bux for 2 it was beyond  . hell i wouldnt pay 5 bux for the  . nnthe wonton soup was disgusting i swear the meat was raw.nthe iced  tasted like poor tap water.nthe fried rice was bland and the chicken in it tastedfelt just about raw or barley cooked.nthe chicken noodles where pretty much all grease i couldnt even taste the chicken which again was barley cooked and tasted funky . nni ordered the same thing both times to ensure it wasnt a  and i love chinese and asian cuisine in general  i know the noodles and wonton is very common but it was highly recommend to me so i had to try it and this place gives me the shivers when i think about it . nni love the venetian hotel  there 3 times and i am baffled as to why the allow this subpar to say the least restaurant to continue wasting  there .
__label__pos    to  and     list.. mind boggling to say the least if you arent overly knowledgeable with wines like myself . antipasta appetizer was excellent.. perfect blend of italian cheeses and meets . i had the pasta sampler which included lobster gnocchi.. obviously homemade gnocchi and cooked to perfection . service was excellent very attentive waiter but not overly attentive which is good . price is as expected for a restaurant of this quality at the mgm grand hotel
__label__pos located in the mgm hotel . i came here kind of spontaneously with my family . we were starving in the area and some italian sounded good to us . service was descent . winealcohol options are presented on an ipad which is unique . overall its a descent restaurant and i had a pleasurable experience.nnncrispy calamari it met my calamari standards . a lot of the calamari pieces came in octopus shaped pieces haha . nnkobe beef meatballs huge meatballs that we split amongst us . packed with flavor and it was awesome . it came with ciabatta bread that is perfect for dipping into the pomodoro sauce . nnseafood platter an appetizer dish that has a little bit of everything . it comes with 4 oysters on a half shell 4 prawns half a lobster tail and ahi tuna tartare . i loved everything . the tuna  had a kick to it which was perfect for a spicy lover like me.nnfiamma trio of pasta tasting this dish gives a tasting of three of the chefs favorite pasta dishes . i dont think youll be full as the picture i  shows the portion size . i would suggest getting the actual dish instead . here were the  ... nntraditional potato gnocchi this lobster gnocchi was really good . you can taste the truffle and the gnocchi is made really fresh . i understand its popularity it was the only one i think worth ordering of the three.nagnolotti this was  veal and pork ravioli . i didnt like the flavor of this at all . i cant even tell you what bothered me but i just didnt enjoy it.norecchiette this was broccoli and spiced sausage with tomatoes and pasta . this was just average and came out just what i expected.nnraviolini this was my order of the night and it was great usually ravioli entrees come with three or four fat raviolis and youre left hungry . this dish came out with a  and i left perfectly content . the truffle cream is amazing and the short rib ravioli is really yummynnhomemade fettuccine this is such a filling plate . the fettuccine is well made and the creamy basil pesto sauce is good . the sauce is quite dominant and strong so a heads up to those who dont like that . prawns were big and scattered in the dish . nnbarolo braised short rib the flavor of the braised short rib was amazing . to me it had a hint of  seasoning and this is definitely a great choice for those who are craving meat .
__label__neg we tried to eat here . i dont know why paris thought it was a good idea to have this as the only place to get food in their  3000 room resort after midnight on new years . on top of that it looks like they didnt bother to fully staff it so a good number of the tables were unused and many that were being used stay uncleaned . we waited in line for about a hour partially because they were  all the platinum and diamond members in before everyone else . after a hour in line we were near the front when a group stormed out of the restaurant and told everyone in line to go elsewhere since they had waited 45 minutes for their food and were  since they had still not gotten it . this caused everyone in front of us to leave so we ended up at the front of the line although we were still not seated since there were still platinum and  members waiting in the express line . after a  group left and told us the same thing food taking forever to  we too decided to leave . we  a hour in line for nothing although i guess it was better that we left since at least we were eating a few minutes later at another casino . horrible  on paris part .
__label__neg only came here due to starvation after being on the road for 3 hour . also needed a  nice and quick way we were staying in paris to get some food in the system before the drinking in vegas begins.nnthe goodn1 . the first bite of my triple decker sandwich  i was starving . after a while it just tasted  any other club sandwich ive had . but i did think it was cool there was a sword toothpick to keep my sandwich together.n2 . the waiter was always cheerful.n3 . split checksnnthe averagenthe french  . they would have been much better if they were hot.nnthe badn1 . there was line outside even though the restaurant was half full . this is as optimistic as i will be.n2 . the service . had to flag down the waiter to order food . if you have us waiting out there  sure well be ready to order by the time we sit down . also took forever to get our food.n3 . must ask for bread if you are ordering sandwichesburgers . for the record the bread is ok. would have been  if they were warm.n4 . the water tasted very tappyn5 . the waiter asked us to pay at the counter instead of him taking our checks .
__label__neg it was very  . i was pleased that the wait time for a table was not long but that was my only pleasure from this place . the  was poor . i asked for a  of water that i never did get . it was hard to flag down my waiter who i think  on  after taking my order . my food was barely warm . then to top it all off i had to wait in a very long line to pay my  . there was only 1 cashier working until they got enough  to get a second cashier . gee the line goes down the restaurant we better get a second  . why did it take so long to figure this out
__label__pos  dim  is awesomeni eat for   the week great service great   
__label__pos best  noodles we have  had .  this place so  we  there a second night  is very good .  asian  in las vegas .
__label__pos outstandingnnservice and  were  . and    very moderate .
__label__neg i didnt  shtty wok from south  existed but this is it . come here and enjoy theyre incredibly low quality food with their incredibly  quality decor . nnwe got the calamari and pad thai . calamari tasted like it was defrosted left out then slightly heated up . rubbery and greasy texture . i thought it was funny how badly i got ripped off . i kept  my girlfriend in a  chinese manager  haha you stupid idiot pay   for sh food . good thing im rich and dont care about costly mistakes like this . this place should be ashamed
__label__neg i was not impressed with this place at all . the line is out the  and it takes  to get seated . they have various different kinds of noodles on the menu as well as dim sum on the weekends . they dont fall under one  of asian food but seem to try to include the entire spectrum . they have pho thai and chinese dry and soup noodles . i dont remember if there was ramen on the menu but i did see ramen noodles on their wall  jars of the various noodles they serve . i got the shrimp thai noodle soup . the menu described it as tom yum but it didnt taste like it at all ... it was super bland i could barely get through it . my brother  the beef noodle soup and he  eats his  clean no matter what but he said it was too gross to finish . it is overpriced about 20 per bowl but im not even  a star off for that because it is expected for every place in vegas .
__label__neg i went here to meet some friends from out of state.nni  the red hot mama plate which consist of  jalapenos chorizo and something  i dont remember.nni got it because i was in the mood for spicy . this one was not spicy . it had  but no kick . disappointed.nnfriends from out of state didnt  thrilled about it either . nnalso the coffee was weak . really weaknnthis is the  time going here and left  unsatisfied.nnat least we got to catch up with friends .
__label__neg i didnt eat here but i cant believe you who  this more than three starsnni  did not enjoy getting  by the incompetent    at sticky  overpriced badbadbad tropical house gin drinks stupid  or loud bad music . the oxygen bar is a gimmick .
__label__neg absolutely horrible i took my boss there along with several clients and couldnt have been more disappointed . background ive been there a few  and been happy but my first  back in about 2 years.nnthe guy  bottles was breaking them everywhere and  to be  out on meth im being serious . then he auctioned off the drink he made for 50 are you kidding me he wasnt even adding the ingredients while performing and would just randomly pour something in a metal bar cup and then shook it up and took forever to try to rack up his auction price.nnhonestly it was a joke and we left after one drink . sad depressing and made you have an uncomfortable feeling .
__label__neg this  is a joke . the bread was  and they only gave us  cup of butter for 4 people to share . we had to  3 times for extra butter . the medium rare prime rib was mostly  in the middle and was too  to eat . the  mashed potatoes were not even hot when they came out and already had a stale film on the exterior . the service was appalling . i had to beg for refills and the check . i will  come back here .
__label__pos delicious green tea  and tea   cider .  atmosphere generally  would  for reading or studying and   tea .
__label__pos after trying joel robuchon next door i was  of hesitant to try latelier . not that the food wasnt good ... i just wasnt wowd . im so  i did bc it is now one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas ... its that good ... from the the service to the  ... and most of all the food . we started off with an amuse buche ... foie gras parfait with parmesan foam ... definitely a heart attack in a  glass . i ordered the tasting menu and my friend ordered porkpotatotruffle trio the iberian ham latelier is one of the first restaurants to procure iberian ham which only became available in the us  this  quail and souffle with pistacchio ice cream . the food was amazing ... cant wait to go back.nntip  at the bar
__label__neg i was competely expecting something more exciting for my first michelin star restaurant . as such i was underwhelmed . granted i only got to experience the special menu which is a truncated version of what they have to offer . it definitely had highlights and lowlights . i enjoyed being able to see right into the kitchen from our seat at the bar.nnthe bread basket was pretty good and the waiters were quite attentive to everyone.nnthe soup was some sort of  puree thing which i did not like . the other soup i can   but it was good enough.nnon to the entree the sweetbread was yummy but the john dory was  and overcooked . i actually really liked the veal  and savored every bite.nnthe creme brulee dessert was pretty good so at least the dinner ended on a high note.nnin all i  i wouldnt come back especially since the normal menu is so much more expensive and the special menu wasnt too  .
__label__neg i can  bad food when theres great service and ill deal with awful service when theres amazing food . but at il mulino we  100person for aboveaverage food and belowaverage service . you can do better in lv.nnfood il mulino starts you off with some tasty complimentary appetizers . the parmesan cheese was great . the bruschetta was decent but ive had better . the mussels were not fresh but theyre free.nnnone of the main courses wowed me and at the price they definitely should have . the osso bucco 48 was tender but bland and came with a saffron risotto that was dry and gloppy not creamy and luxurious the way it should be . the lobster ravioli 40ish was overly cheesy and  nothing like lobster . the veal chop not sure was totally dry and tasteless like an overcooked pork chop . the capellini with truffles and pancetta 30 was the best main course but i couldnt taste any truffle at all so there was nothing too special about it.nnservice started great ended  badly . from the minute you sit down servers swarm you and  throwing free food at you . awesome . but our actual  was snide and inattentive . when my mother asked him to repeat some of the specials he scoffed really do i really have to do that again he forgot to bring out one of our dishes which  have been forgivable had we been able to find him to tell him . instead after taking our order he disappeared for the rest of the meal . we ended up grabbing a bus boy to get us our spinach . glasses went unfilled plates uncollected . ive had better service at olive garden .
__label__neg     food . im   that il mulino is a lettuce entertain you restaurant and typically their restaurants are reasonably priced showcasing pretty solid  . nnmy hubby ordered a veal dish that he was pretty satisfied with . i love the massive block of parm they bring to the table . i ordered the lobster ravioli that i was told is made in house . there is no way in hell these raviolis were made in house . and if i am wrong they should be ashamed of the quality and the taste . they were very fishy tasting and the pasta was mushy . never mind the fact that these raviolis came with a 50.00 price tag i wouldnt pay 10.00 for these . nnto top off this travesty they give you house made grappa . nothing enjoyable about it . light some jet fuel on fire and drink that . its the same effect .
__label__neg was a stayin at the red rock herself . decided that bbq was what our tummy wanted . it was busy but not bizee . our poor waitress had at least 7 tables i dont know if that is  or not but she was bizee .  star for the noise leveln 1 star bc the beer ordered at the beginning of our  got there after our entreesn 1 star due to the  level loudn1 star due to food quality cole  was tasteless beans tasted like refried beans if i wanted refried i woulda gone mexican i  bbqbaked beans . the ribs were okay little dry . their bbq sauce though is yellow and thin and they didnt provide any extra for us.nnthe only things i enjoyed weren1 . the sweet  tea the beer wasnt for men2 . the thick cut texas toast size bread with butter . it was yummy and i ate 2 pieces to myself ...
__label__pos the one thing you should  here the monte crisco . ooey gooey cheese and honey ham  betwixt the lovely slices of french toast . utter  . ordered it every day three days in a row.nnbut what you should avoid the disgusting strawberry chicken.nit was literally strawberry   over chicken nuggets . no veggie side no onions . no nothing . nna fun bonus was seeing  and gavin  dining in the  of the cafe .
__label__neg    this  at     . food was okay . service was terrible . took 8 min to get seated 14 min to order . server never checked back to table until meal was completed . not good .
__label__neg i  a bbq place by a couple of  items . first hot links . lucilles are not good . theyre not hot and theyre kinda mealy . second beans . lucilles beans have too  other  in them .   of  veggies . not  .
__label__neg na ich weiu00df nicht dieses outlet  so gar nicht premim und kann mit allen anderen amerikanischen shoppingparadiesen nicht mithalten.nes erinnert mich an die great mall nahe  francisco . auch hier ist  gesamte center u00fcberdacht und daher pluspunkt in las vegas etwa  biofreshtemperatur geku00fchlt.naber irgenwie  alles chaotisch auch gibt es viele unmarken alles in allem wu00fcrde ich klar abraten und  anderen malls und outlets in las vegas empfehlen
__label__neg i think this is my first 1 star review . i usually wouldnt leave 1 star but this visit was the worst ive ever had.nnive been to this yard house a bunch of times in the past few years as well as many other yard houses in the  . ive never been so dissapointed before . i usually get the bernaise sliders but this time i  to try something new . i tried the monte cristo but it wasnt good at all here . im surprised its even on the menu . we got a few other things and it was just okay.nnservice wasnt the greatest it was very slow but the real reason this place gets a 1 star is because of the manager . i was meeting a few friends there . 1 of them was there when i arrived and we got the table the other came in a bit and we all ordered . the last  was just coming to meet up and she arrived either close to closing time or maybe a little bit after closing . but we were still eating . she wasnt going to eat or anything just meet up with us and hang out  we were done . my friend went to get her and the manager came up to us and said something like you cant do that were closed . we told him that she wasnt ordering anything and that she was just meeting with us until we were done eating . he said a few other words and while im eating this horrible monte  im thinking are you serious  now shes not ordering anything we are all together we are gon na finish up eating and then we are all leaving together . does he expect her to just sit outside and wait for us i would never expect this at all from any restaurant and the worst is that it came from a manager . yard house should send this  to a customer service class . not  if ill return but hopefully that manager learns how to not piss off his customers .
__label__pos real   .  . they are  . like truly.nnthe sandwiches are like a foot tall . i guess that is why they are 25.nnthe food is average in general . although ... i feel like their french fries could singlehandedly solve world peace . nnthe service is not so good . i felt like an imposition the entire time i was there . maybe it was because i looked like hell from the night before . but its not  they shouldnt be used to that . it is vegas after all .
__label__neg  off i      1. im usually too lazy due to food coma after an amazing meal and 2. most crappy food places isnt crappy enough for me to think it deserves a bad review ... but this on the other hand is an exception.nn1 . priceyn2 . huge portionsn3 . shitty foodnnit was the biggest shitty meal ive ever ordered . wouldve rather eaten the 20 bill .
__label__pos   is the best vietnamese food ive had in the phoenix  . the  is family owned and the food is great . i  the   with grilled pork and  .
__label__pos little saigon is in our top 5 restaurants here in arizona . my husband and i love this place . first of all its in a fun bungalow style house in old glendale which just adds to its charm . second the family that  it is awesome . youll be greeted by tony or hui not sure how to spell it or john and theyre all great people . they know us by now and were always greeted like old friends . ive tried half the items on the menu which is  and havent found anything i dont like . my husband is usually stuck on 35 or 36 which are their rice   . so good . weve  our friends to little saigon and i have one friend who will gladly  from east scottsdale just for the fried bananaice cream dessert which is a  by the way . in all i will always recommend this restaurant
__label__pos i had a  here  it was worth to burn the gas from avondale . i ordered 24   rice noodle with meats and veges omg it was soooo  but the portion was smaller than i  . i think i can eat here every week i like to try  noodle soup pho next  .
__label__neg my friends and i had a very disappointing experience i had at the bank on saturday aug. 18. i had been planning this trip to vegas for months for my sisters birthday . we stayed at the ballagio hotel because we wanted an luxurious all inclusive experience and to enjoy all of its amenities . we also picked the bellagio for that weekend because we saw that mix master mike was performing at the bank . i called reception and put us all on the guest list and was told we would get in free before 11pm . we arrived at the club at 1030pm ... long story  all of the bouncers were incredibly rude and kept telling us that the club is not affiliated with the hotel so they didnt have to let us in . how does this make any sense when the hotel reception put us on the guest list in the first place meanwhile groups of other people were being let in . id like to note that i also called the bank to make  i didnt need them to put us on the guest list and they also told me to call reception . we  ended up getting in and left pissed off and very disappointed . we had a great time at another club that night instead nnwe will definitely not be coming back to this club and will tell others not to  here either as we were treated very poorly . i have already complained to the hotel as well that this club gives them a bad  . again i want to emphasize that the  here were incredibly rude and  ... .we were all very offended .
__label__pos haha the name is  amusing on its own and so was the show itself . perfect for a ladies night out . im  not a fan of these type of shows but when youre in vegas why not  its a  classier than the one i went to in nyc for a bachelorette party so if i were to choose i would go back to this one . the show is held at a small theater in the excalibur hotel and everyone is seated in rows of tables . the bar is in the  of the theater so  sure you bring enough cash to tip the  . personal cameras are not allowed but you can take a polaroid shot with your  aussie boys at the end of the show by one of their own cameraman . for me a once in a blue moon experience is enough .
__label__neg i went based on the reviews and found the show to be boring . some of the men are hot most not so much . the guys cater to the audience . they interact with numerous ladies in the audience and make sure to include them which is great . but the effort that the men put into the dances onstage was lacking . i felt that the costumes and dances were cheesy and the show was not worth the amount of money that we paid . the guys didnt  into it and the overall creativity and  of the show was terrible . had a much better time watching  . it was also a little too short timewise . the drink service was terrible with only two waitresses for the  audience . no food available the bar was  . my friend saw fantasy and said that it was much more creative and that the women showed way more effort and interest in the show that they were doing surprise surprise . tdu is a crowdpleasing show for most of the women and definitely one of those out with the ladies  thing but i wouldnt pay to go again .
__label__pos pretty good dim sum place just a little off the  . large enough room that we didnt have any problem seating  10 people pretty quickly .  came quick too and there is  or various dishes to choose from . i highly  the crispy  calamari which has the legs ... i love the  i very much enjoyed everything i tried here . will definitely like to come back next time im in  .
__label__neg i only  one thing from dim sum  the steamed pork buns . these were  similar to the ones found in the  foods  at the supermarket . the food from the regular menu was  special either . for the  i expected  .
__label__pos   escape in the middle of the desert .   for the whole family . goes to show there is  entertainment for all  in sin  .  for local residents too
__label__pos i  with a friend the other day and was really happy.nnits affordable i hate the  cheap and excellent . nni had the black bean burger and a cup of asparagus and  soup . it  have been the best soup ive ever had and the black bean burger was completely different than any that ive had before . i think it had something extra  fava beans to give it better texture and flavor.nnmy friend had the salmon burger which was also amazing stole a bite.nni  our total with both sandwiches and two excellent cups of coffee with soy creamer yay was about 20 .
__label__pos met a work acquaintance for lunch here a couple weeks  . i was leery of the lobster mac and cheese having been let down by a similarly titled entree at another local establishment . my reservations were unfounded as they  came through with a delicious bowl of pasta  with a variety of rich wonderful cheeses and a healthy amount of sweet  lobster . served a tasty mocha as well on a cool early winters afternoon.nncant  to  back for a deeper  into the breakfastbrunch faire .
__label__pos the tragically shabby and nondescript vegas  malls make las look like manhattan commercial blocks but theres  that  omelet houseand dang they serve some of the  homemade corned  hash ive ever had . the unique  and delish pumpkin bread sides along with the perfect over easy eggs help make everything stick to your ribs . coffee was okreminded me of that brand you  in bad motelschock full o nuts . definitely check this place out
__label__pos this is my favorite spot in  to  for breakfast . im the  of  who  breakfast  at all times of the day . their skillets here are amazing and so are their  highly recommend
__label__pos awesome  .    . our   was   worthy all by herself
__label__neg the cashierhostess caresia mustve been having a bad day . she was not  or personable at all . the food wasnt good . i ordered the strawberry cream cheese french toast . there was so much cream cheese  cream and artificial   that you couldnt enjoy the french toast at all . it was soggy . no  for syrup at all because it was so sweet . definitely wont be going back to this place . the only thing good was the  by the waitresses thats why i give it 2 stars .
__label__neg     and   . not   .
__label__neg i was so  our first morning at the mgm i couldnt even leave the hotel even though i should have . nnmanfriend and i decided to grab a bite at studio cafe after checking out the menu.nnthe only star goes to our waiter jose who was very polite and attentive.nnthe food is a different story . tell me why werent both of our hashbrowns which i was looking forward to the most even lukewarm it was  and tasted like cardboard . the breakfast burrito was disgusting . took one bite and felt like throwing up . babes steak and eggs didnt  too appealing  . he liked the steak but everything else was a culinary disaster . from the lingerging old lady perfumes the food and my hangover i couldnt stand to sit there one more minute . asked man if he didnt mind eating in the  because i was about to hurl right then and there . grabbed jose as quickly as we could paid 60.00 for the  food ive eaten in a long time . nnshould have yelped it before hand but nonetheless never again .
__label__pos quite  for brunch . i am not  a sweet   person  the  waffle with a   to be a perfect combination .
__label__pos this review is for my 7 big ass cheesecake that i  to finish . it was darn  though for that price it was worth it . the  though is slow . we didnt get helped for awhile and it took forever to bring us just water . i believe they just created my cheesecake on the go cuz that too took  . our server was nice  but it wasnt enough for me to win her  of the lack of 
__label__pos very easily made my first appointment . the  desk  is incredibly accommodating and friendly.nni had no   an appointment ... they took me in   the next morning.nndr . hajbandeh was nice and explained everything very thoroughly and didnt appear to be in a rush to  his next patient .
__label__neg worst coffe  ever hethe  treats  like hell does not  to government  he is a looser bill since he lost circle h bbq he still has not given me a w2 and ir affects my new business in  however bill does not  so he is getting audited by the federal 
__label__neg just  away . while my specific waitress was doing her job everyone  was clearly  . the food was bad even for a chain and the worst part  have been one of the idle  staff making loud clicking noises with his mouth to our annoyance  after we made it clear that it was  . this was the worst place i  in vegas and maybe one of the worst experiences ive had at a restaurant .
__label__pos originally we werent planning to go here but as we kept on passing it by from other places to our hotel i  it see what their rating was . it surprised the hell out of me to find out they averaged 4.5 stars . now me and kathy are huge bbq fans and wanted to balance out our weekend with a meat splurge . we decided dinner was going to be how it was going down ... nnagain the stoopid google maps app fails us again and has us feeling our way to bobby q. we finally get there and got sat down immediately . we got served a  of cornbread that looked like hockey pucks . there was a  texture on the outside while the inside was moist and fluffy . it was spectacular but dont fill up on them unless you are on a diet and werent ordering anything else . im usually skeptical of ordering brisket unless i know there was some texas affiliation . lots of the yelpers raved about the brisket and when the waitress recommended it it was a no brainer . what was difficult was what else to order.nnwe settled on the the whole hog heaven after much debate between me and kathy and interrogation of the waitress . the whole hog heaven is their best feast where you can choose 2 bbq meats and 2 pit ribs types plus 3 sides . we went with brisket smoked sausage for the meats and st louis ribs and texas beef ribs . for the sides we ordered the mac n cheese roasted corn and shoestring fries.nnfirst off the bat the brisket was as good as advertised by yelpers thanks yall and our waitress . juicy moist and tender with a smoke crust gives the brisket an unforgettable experience . another winner was the st. louis ribs . it literally fell off the bone and was oh so tender . the sausage was good but not outstanding and the beef rib was also just acceptable . against the waitress suggestion for their smoasted chicken i do think i will try the smoked roasted chicken and the baby backs next time . all of the sides were tasty but the stars were the brisket and st. louis ribs.nnto top off a grand bbq evening we were given a brown paper sack of mini donuts that were sprinkled with  and sugar . thats a nice touch . overall i give bobby q a solid 4 stars on the basis of the brisket . you can have a brisket sandwich and die happily and yes its that good the service was good and the food came out fast . nni cant wait to come back and try the  of the menu . there was a couple next to me who ordered enough for a small army . the guy raved about how the southern fried chicken was the best he had ever had . the dude looked  a food heavyweight so he must have had a few  fried chicken in his lifetime so im adding that to the list.nnuntil next time bbq compadres ...
__label__pos the  and i went here last weekend to celebrate the beginning of my break and to get a  burger . the restaurant is cute kind of themed and the service was  . they smoke their meat for 18 hours and you can see their chicken roasting from the dining  . they start you with some pretty good cornbread . for entrees we split the burger with bacon and bbq sauce and the pulled pork sandwich with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese ... very healthy . the burger was tasty not the most  burger ever but solidly good . the pulled pork was better definitely flavorful and good with their spicy bbq sauce . both sides were pretty mediocre i didnt like the mac and cheese ... tasted like velveeta and the mashed potatoes were gluey . when we were done they brought out a   with a  doughnut bites in it ... . yum i would come back here to try some more of their q .
__label__pos      and   .  seating has a nice ambiance . my favorite meats were the baby back ribs and brisket . seems to be a very popular place as it can get very crowded at times so make sure to make a reservation
__label__pos best  in phoenix came here for  and  atmosphere    and  is 
__label__neg if you eat pounds of meat at one sitting and dont mind if its overcooked and  perhaps you might feel the price is right . however our bill for two was nearly 80 and thats without alcohol . i also think that if you are going to periodically interrupt peoples  experience with half naked dancers and loud music please upgrade your sound system . the brazilian   sounded like it was being pumped through the  out speakers of a 80s honda civic.nnif your feeling carnivorous your money is  better spent for a  cooked correctly at a decent steakhouse .
__label__neg well  see ...  i wan na  i totally  with the reviews this place already received . i usually survey restaurants too and didnt  a single mexican person which threw me off . i mean the place does not need to be littered with a particular race but if the food is authentic and good then usually mexicans will frequent the place . same goes with asiansblacks etc .  i was brought here by a friend who seems to love the place..the waiter was polite..and the soda was flat . i ordered the green chicken enchiladas and they tasted so sweet..i mean i prefer spicy mexican food..not sweet mexican food . it  killed the night for me..because it seemed like he was excited for me to like the food..he had such rave reviews for this place . apparently a must if your in vegas.nnmy friend ordered the albondigas soup which didnt look like the kind my ex mother in law made . it looked like the can stuff honestly . but other than that the chips and salsa didnt look good either . the music was annoying and i didnt get a chance to look at the check or im sure id btch about the prices too . wheres a king taco when you need one
__label__pos      and   seating.nfood was really good and i look forward to going back
__label__pos delicious great  yummy food and fabulous  sangrianngreat atmosphere to  on a  or with a groupnnp.s . try out their breakfast and mimosas perfect way to spend a  
__label__pos so much fun i went here last weekend and had a total blast . the  and  are beyond  . if youre looking for  well made drinks and a great  check it out there is a cover which doubled as a drink  so no big deal . the drag show on fridays  worth  by .
__label__pos i think this place has great cupcakes and its one something i miss about not living in vegas  . wish i was just a  drive  . their cupcakes are very moist and i still  them even  a few flavors have an artificial feel . if i  make a suggestion i think they need to rethink their key lime  key to my heart
__label__pos sign up for the email list and they send you special offersnnthe fancy cupcake trend is alive and strong here . the cupcakery serves up some greeeeat red velvet cupcakes they  em the southern belle go figure but yumnnthe cupcakery has a few locations in town i think 2 or 3 but i believe this 1 is the  . its one of the first fancy cupcakes places in town . and  we dont have a sprinkles yet this  definitely delivers . all of the cupcakes have a ton of creamy frosting on top to many including me its too much so i take it off . the  is moist but not oily and they have a pretty wide selection with a couple  items.nnat around 34  a pop its kinda of expensive for a cupcake but remember this aint the stuff you get at the supermarket . the cupcakes are fresh and well worth the extra  or two .
__label__pos the cupcakery is amazingnni was in las vegas with my family recently and we were on the  for cupcakes on christmas eve . thanks to my handy dandy  app we found the cupcakery and it was definitely a lucky findnnfirst of all the shop is adorable its bright and full of character . the staff was awesome and extremely helpful . they were  patient with us as they explained their menu . they have a box of fresh samples and they give a generous sample  . nnthey have lots of different cupcake flavors many of which were decorated in the holiday spirit . some were so pretty that i didnt want to eat them ... .but of course my family and i did . we  a dozen cupcakes red velvet chocolate peanut butter cup brown derby their chocolate and vanilla cupcakes and a cucumber chocolate chip cupcake . i tried the red velvet brown derby and cucumber chocolate  and i  i hit the cupcake jackpot . they were moist delicious just the right frosting to cupcake  . the frosting complimented the cupcakes perfectly with the right amount of sweetness . nngreat cupcake place we will definitely keep this place in mind .
__label__pos the cheese dosai is essentially indias  philly cheesesteak . this  makes the trip worthwhile but is not the  . the curries are also excellent and flavorful . the lentil doughnuts are a great appetizer light and puffy . the only con is that one is  to overdo  at the buffet which isnt even  that  of a  .
__label__neg i am a fan of ikea for the most part and this review is less about the merchandise and more about the complete lack of service coupled with a massive amount of attitude . tacky . i went with a good friend of mine to ikea over memorial day weekend in hopes of getting a really great deal on a bed for her new apartment . a seemingly simple task one might think . well unbeknownst to us there was an elusive coupon needed at  out in order to purchase the bedmattress combo . there was no signage posted and the sales  upstairs whose name escapes me did not give us one . so here we are the store is closing and the sales girl randiwith an unbelievably abhorrent countenance demands that we retrieve a coupon from upstairs and proceeds to laugh at my friend with a pompous smirk on her face . however in the sales girls supposed infinite knowledge and wisdom she failed to realize that the store was   there was no one upstairs to give us this said coupon . hoping there wasnt a storewide  of awful dispositions we looked to randis manager todd for help . wrong . the next gentleman if you could call him that was equally rude and condescending claiming that there are signs posted everywhere telling you that you need a coupon ... and maybe i can help you if i get the time . we checked and captain awful hair was indeed incorrect in his proclamation regarding the alleged signs . at this point my friend is nearly in tears with frustration as we wanted to get out of there as much as they did . then captain early 90s pony tail looks and realizes his mistake . there is no flipping signage . he tried to apologize and be more accomodating by apathetically stating that oh they must have changed the signs . we bypass the ridiculous coupon catastrophy only to be met with a flood of more aggravation . my friend would like to pay with both card and cash .  this is a near impossible task for the elite group of people that make up the ikea employee squad . at this point the quote un quote manager asks if i can put  of the total on my card as the tills have already been closed . are you kidding me this is so exceedingly tacky that i just stare at the poor girl blankly . open up a register . there was a silver lining however . linda who was the only in there with a brain was walking by with a cash tray and rung us up . so we  to pay the total and get out . meanwhile i have lost 45 minutes of my life that i can never get back because i have squandered it on completely unhelpful human beings . i just hope not all ikeas are staffed with incompetent sales people full of attitude and self entitlement . we were not asking them to solve world hunger or the aids epedemic we were simply after a little bit of compassion and professionalism .
__label__neg i must  8 out 10 people that it seen working the on the lower floor where great . two men where to busy doing something else to even give a crap what you needed or help you with finding an item on there computer to locate all i got was go there make a left to the  department they will help ... in a rude way not nice . the top floor i did not see one worker the entire time . hard to purchase a bedroom set with know one to answer your questions . the items that are listed in stock are not . they need more workers i was there with my sister and  who was in a wheel chair you try and walk a cart a wheel chair and two furniture carts with two people no help down the isles to help a lady load a bedroom set . horrible ... i was asked after i paid if i needed help and said no since i was not helped much my entire time at the store . working for a large department store  in high school i  it . they need more workers maybe union works that can stand around and just answer questions and help or seniors like they have at  my sister said this was her first and last time going to ikea . out of six furniture pieces only 3 where in stock sad no free  on the  or something like sorry we dont have it only it will be in stock tomorrow . you feel like an animal in a line to pay and leave.nnmaybe if another location closer is built id go again but other than that im going to do online shopping and purchase what they did not have in stock . this will be much less stressful and you can call and ask someone questions about a product .
__label__neg really hit or miss.nnwe got a gift card for elephant bar some time  so we have been there twice to use it up . the first time we ordered the chicken marsala and cream of asparagus soup . fabulous . also elephant bar has extraordinary iced  . the second time my fiancu00e9 duplicated his original order and i got a weeeeeeeeird salad with basil leaves in it . his order which was so great the  before was super bland and the  was really lumpy . my salad was utterly disgusting . more than half the salad was basil leaves rather than lettuce . sure i expected the basil but as a complement to the salad itself ... not that the basil itself was the saladnnthe people who gave us the gift card have some notion that elephant bar is our  restaurant not sure why so i bet well be  another gift card for the next major occasion . its a very seinfeldish of situation . thats the only reason i would  return . i really value consistency when i dine out ... its a major bummer when you come back for something like my fiancu00e9s chicken marsala only to feel like youre eating a completely different dish .
__label__neg overall i had a good experience except for the steak i had in the hotel restaurant . for the sake of convenience i ate in the hotel restaurant instead of going out . the restaurant presented itself as a  class facility that should have excellent food . however that is not the case . i ordered a 39 rib eye that tasted like leather . i had asked for steak sauce because the steak had literally no flavour and was  even  i should have asked for a new steak . i had enough when i got to about the last u00bc of the steak and asked to see a manager . when the manager  i had explained to him my situation and stated my 39 steak tasted more like an 8 steak . he then said the company would give me a 1 discount off the  which is nothing more than an insult .  i brought this up to the front desk on checkout and still nothing else was done . because of the lack of courtesy and appreciation of my  i will  return to this hotel chain again .
__label__pos the neocoliseum ... where the padded gladiators come to fight other padded  unto the death the splendor the greatness of our new rome in phxnnmy analogy may be a  i am admittedly a former fs who loved to hit but a stadium really does set the stage for a fight whether it is circa 127ad or 2013ad the cardinals stadium now sponsored by a notorious degreemanufacturing institution creates a great setting for a special game or event . the stadium is easy to navigate inperson and the fung shui is generally on par . that is it has a relatively new feel plenty of amenities and great views throughout most of the stadium.nnready for my complaints if not i am the online   and visuals suck . the upper deck is much higher than the lower midlevel seats and anywhere below the upper deck probably even offers a better view from a slanted  . not knowing this i incidentally purchased two different sets of tickets one set for a slanted lowerdeck view and another for a side upperdeck view for the sum of over 500 only to have to  two for a 200 loss.nnthe stadium is also frigidcold in the winter . considering that they have a dome they open it probably wanting to save money instead of heating it and the western sun blinds but warms ... and even tans those in the upper eastern side . so if you are sitting on the eastern side especially in the  portion bring sunglasses and or a hat . wherever you are sitting outside of the hot months bring some warm clothesnnin all i enjoyed the stadium and look forward to my next  . i hope that my tips help you to have the insight that i wished that i had
__label__pos went to my first  game . the  to get to the stadium was very  . once we got to the stadium was well organized we got in quickly . the security was tight to get in with  people checking our tickets to get on the escalators . we sat in the club seats which were large and comfortable . the view was great and  with the large screens in the end zones . the food was actually very good . tried their pasta bar for 12. the  was loud which made for a great atmosphere  on the  . had a good experience
__label__neg otherwise known as the 10th circle of vegas hell . i would have given it one star but it does cater nicely to a certain demographic and who am i to judge but unless you are of that demographic alcoholic trailerparkdwelling assemblylineworkeronvacationfromrustbucket usa you might share my low opinion of this depressing place . nncarnaval court tries really hard to be cheerful and fun . really hard but all the earsplittinglyloud bon jovi covers and manically juggled cheap booze in the world cant mask the oppresively depressing nature of the bars denizens blue collar mooks on perpetual spring break from a thirdtier community college desperate to bag whatever beatup white trash trim they can scare up . bachelerotte parties celebrating some unfortunate muffintopped truckstop waitresss thrird marriage . bowling alley attendants and their factoryworker wives gaping maws open  and turned up like baby birds to catch the cheap drizzle of sticky booze being poured down like proletariat manna by the bartenders who tend to get up on the bar and tease the patrons with free shots poured directly from unmarked bottles . good timesnnactually this place would be  good people watching if it werent so earsplittingly soulshatteringly loud not only does the live cover band blare one playedout classic rock  anthem after another but the bartenders seemingly all 500 of them constantly blast shrilly into the metal whistles tightly clamped in their grimaces and repeatedly bang their metal cocktail shakers onto the metal bar ... over and over and over in a grim desperate attempt at merrymaking . this place is determined to manufacture fun out of noise as if   can conquer misery and  . good luck with that 
__label__pos keep  back cause its the perfect hangover cure . the happy hour starts at 5 which is  the  my lazy  gets up .  the   with  . its really cheap during happy hour i mean 7 dollar cheap .
__label__pos i will preface this review by stating that it is an evaluation of the bar portion of this establishment . i have yet to actually eat in the restaurant or even wander through it . with that  ... ..nnawesome awesome awesomenni had a very pleasant evening at this  vally ho adjacent watering hole . the service was fast and friendly offering suggestions and reviews . i indulged in a  on the happy hour menu that was absolutely delicious . it came on flat bread with a melt in your mouth cheese accent and sweet potato  to top it off . a definite winner in my book . my indulgences did not end there ... .. i introduce you to the swizzle . long islandesk in nature its a delicious refreshing and quite a bang for your buck drink . the  economically savvy choice to  your evening whether you are hitting the town hard or simply plan on wetting your whistle with one drink . nni want to make special note of the entertainment  by the live band that plays every thursday friday and saturday night from 8pm11pm . they are a phenomenal trio that provide the bar with a fun and hip vibe . if you have a song in mind it is likely they can provide . they are open to requests and love interacting with the crowd . you also dont feel overwhelmed by the music due to the open air facility and conversation is actually possible unlike many other live band bars . nnmy first experience with this bar only left me searching for anyone and everyone i could drag along with me to share in the experience . cant  to go again
__label__neg i went for dollar sushi and the service was horrible the waitress doesnt serve us drinks till about a  before the  gets there and thats that one of us only wanted water . on top of that they didnt bother to look that we didnt have any chop  nnthe sushi was only  for a  a  . for all of that i might as well only  sushi from siam terrace where they have 5 sushi rolls 6 pieces .
__label__neg i received a recommendation to eat here from the driver at my hotel . she loved a specific salad and thought i might enjoy the restaurant . i arrived to a beautiful restaurant with a friendly staff . i moved  as the night was warm . i ordered wine and asked the server to return so that i could order my appetizer . the restaurant was virtually empty but she took a very long time . eventually i placed my order . i received my dinner before my appetizer . i ordered the seafood cheese springroll . it was not good . there is no other way to say it . it tasted like cream cheese in a spring roll . the crab and pollack was missing in action . i couldnt finish it and the server never asked me how it was . nnthe entree itself a stirfry dish with panang curry was delicious . it wasnt the best ive tasted but it was still very good . now..with my wine glass empty and half of my entree gone i waited for the server to order more wine . she never came . after 20 minutes i got up and asked the hostess for my server . the hostess was going home so couldnt help me . i waited a bit more and then asked again for the waitress . after half an hour a young  came out and said im sorry but your server went home . nnthe manager never came out to explain . no  asked if i needed or wanted anything . she just said your server went home and gave me a check . i looked at the bill and  that she had overcharged me . the seafood yuck was on the menu for 8 but she charged me 10. then i had to wait for her to call the manager and for him to fix the bill . still he did not  in this very empty restaurant . he called from the back and said i fixed it . he took 5.00 off instead of the overcharge of 2.00. perhaps this was to placate me . how about oh im so sorry that we sent your server home without giving you another server . oh you  like the seafood springroll can we get you something else instead .  . nni left the restaurant and determine that i  never go back again . it was definitely below the level of a good restaurant . below fair as well . i guess this means poor .
__label__pos we called in for appetizer trays of assorted sushi and rolls . the fish was  perfect and was some of the freshest ive  had . no fish smell . nnthe nice lady i  with was very professional and accommodating even staying open 30 min later for us to  away our order on a sunday.nnthe price of sushi vary greatly in parts of the usa but i would say this was on the high side . i would recommend this place to someone with out hesitation as  as they  this is not a budget  .
__label__pos oooohh im teetering on a 5 star review ... well see how that pans out . i arrived for dinner at mtr  530pm yesterday and the place was full with no indoor seating left . i sat outside somewhat reluctantly because christ it is cold  and i thought this was arizona and i would be hot all the time but i wish i had a fleece jumpsuit right now ... nnanyway . i went ahead and ordered the mandala masala an indian  dinner with garbanzo beans  and smallchopped potatoes over brown rice with a side of steamed spinach . the scents wafting out of the front door were just intoxicating and when my dinner arrived it smelled equally as appetizing . the taste was on par minus the dry flavorless brown rice that may have been a bit stale . i would say that 14 is a bit much for the size of the meal but on the whole i was satisfied . nni ordered a piece of vegan chocolate raspberry cake for dessert and it was  enough to write a movie about . romantic comedy i mean . first off it was huge and just ... just ... perfect ...  . secondly the frosting was that thick dense  and it was the perfect frostingtocake ratio with just that hint of raspberry glaze mixed in . nnwell i couldnt talk this up to a 5 star rating but i will eat as many slices of chocolate cake as it takes to get it there estimate a whole cake
__label__pos    with portions  to share.nnand it was a good thing our waiter brought that to our attention he must have heard our comments on the prices . we ordered 2 half  and one full lobster ravioli a brick of lasagna and something else i couldnt pronounce and it was just enough for the 4 of us . after the alcohol we even kept the bill under 100. i would definately recommend this place just be sure to bring a few friends and an appetite
__label__pos i love this place . nngreat drinksngood foodnhuge portionsnna great  for small group as the servings are made more for a family style service than an entree . nni  it .
__label__neg if i had a chance to try this place without  kicked out i might like it . all i was  for was a quite place to grab a drink however the bartender rudely told us she cant serve us  till 530 ... ... they failed to realize the doors where open the  were lit and no one stopped us from  all the way down the stairs to only be turn around and sent away . it was 5pm and there were what i believe two other ladies at the  drinking i think . i should have pay more of a attention . i guessing  i wasnt a vip i could  .
__label__neg after checking in we decided to eat at the nearest food spot in the hotel . nni ordered the country fried steak and my friend orders the pecan crusted  . the portion sizes were huge and way too filling . like bad . the best part of the meal was the  of  which was very good actually . my friend hated his order and  ate it . we managed to leave with stomach aches that lasted only for an hour or so.nnthe service was friendly but they  overwhelmed by the  of customers .  were on the cheap and maybe so is the food . one note we were told by  that breakfast is the only thing to order here ... .. nnthen next morning we did the buffet ... .why ... .
__label__neg on the verge of just giving one star i i figured on 2 only because i enjoyed the cool open  of the main restaurant . as far as the food . that is one star . nwhile having just stopped in at the ranch market to pick up a few groceries i was going to eat at the market itself but decided to maybe try a place i had never tried near by instead . as i took my groceries to the car i decided that since i had not yet tried tradiciones i would give them a try . ni enjoy the food at the ranch market tasty and authentic . since they are connected i thought the food would be the same . boy was i wrong i dont know who they have cooking here but with all the great stuff they have next door it should be a lot better . nthe salsa should have been the first clue ... it was just ok. again knowing what they make in house next door made this salsa pretty sad . wanting an agua fresca to drink and again knowing next door had like   i was disappointed they only had horchata and pina here . i got the pina which was probably the best part of this meal . ni was really craving some tacos and noticed they only really offered them under the appetizer menu as street tacos . also wanting to have a sopito i thought wth i will get the sampler platter and add a taco . nnthe platter came with 2 mini chimis 2 mini taquitos  mini  enchiladas and a  each of chicken and beef . all looked good when it came out . i enjoyed the taco first ... the last thing i was to enjoy on this culinary outing . then digging into the chicken enchiladas the sauce was a mole . this was not a good mole ... way too sweet someones idea of a mole . yes just because a mole has chocolate doesnt mean its a chocolate sauce . and the chicken stringy bland kinda tough . everything followed suit bland not very authentic someones idea of mexican food . it all reminded me of something i would get if in the midwest somewhere and wanted mexican food ... not arizona nnthe only saving grace to this  was that it was happy  on a saturday and the platter was 12 off and the taco was a buck so i left paying only 9 instead of 15. nnwhile i will continue to eat at the market ... .i will pass on tradiciones ... blegh .
__label__neg eh . im sorry jim goulds i think youve changed and not for the better . nnwent for our anniversary dinner  night and despite having a loud and  group of drunk outoftown conference attendees trying to impress one another with their wit and cleavage seated right next to us figured that the food wine and service would compensate . it didnt . at halfprice the glass of shiraz i had was overpriced and slightly chilled . my kobe beef burger was bland and not particularly tender . the brie on  was flavorless . pommes frites were good though im fairly confident they were not truffle oil  as described . but still yay pommes frites . my husbands beef medallion special was itty bitty and overcooked . also despite being described as a special was listed on the regular menu and for the price that we were charged . so  the dish nor the price were special . nnwhich brings me to the strange service when we made a remark about the odd 1 wine shot feature seriously a shot of wine served in a  glass the waiter replied yeah well were trying to compete with kofusions 1 sushi . theyre really busy over there and we dont get many people on mondays later we overheard another waiter tell a customer well weve changed our menu . we dont have specials anymore . our specials are just things on the regular menu that we want  to order . and though our service was courteous it was slow but harried despite the relative nonbusyness of the restuarant.nnits too bad . i used to quite enjoy jim goulds but were not likely to be in any hurry to go back .
__label__pos they have fantastic macaroni salad and  . the  short  and the   are both  . fast and very  service as well as  lunch prices
__label__pos my boyfriend and i ate at triple george recently during our vacation in las  . we had an excellent meal with incredible service better than anywhere we ate on the strip and we ate at some of the best . from the  we  in we were treated so well like regulars almost . the staff is stellar most specifically our server brian was  efficient patient and invested in our experience.nnwe ordered the followingnnappetizer crab cakes three generous crab cakes served with marinara . unique but very good this way . the crab was fresh and the cakes were lightly pan fried to perfection.nnsalad wedge we shared this thats how big it was . the homemade blue cheese dressing was killernnentree 1 porcini crusted rib eye  of all this thing was huge 20 oz . it was just enough sweet peppery and very tender . served with a side of fresh green beans and huge steak fries fresh cut.nnentree 2 filet mignon very nice cut of meat tender and flavorful with a delicious wine sauce . fresh green beans and yummy fresh made mashed potatoes served on the side . nndessert extra large homemade chocolate chip  deliciously warm and moist . we paired it with some espresso and house coffee . nni highly recommend the triple george . it seems as though n. 3rd st is really developing which is great because  leaves a lot to be desired .
__label__neg uuuugh . the bf went and picked up food from pf changs tonight because we had a gift card and i still cant go out due to coldy fluish yuck disease ... . wtf i cant shake it . so i got wonton soup for the throat the bf got sweet and sour chicken and we shared some dumplings . the soup was so bland ... . possibly the most bland wonton soup i have ever  . the bf  the sweet and sour chicken was alright ... . but the menu says it is pan fried and the chicken is clearly deep fried ... yuck . also they  dont give you a very large portion for what you pay ... . most places i can eat the food for at least two days on what they give you but the bf finished all maybe 10 pieces of chicken that were on his  . i would never pay to eat at this restaurant . their food is so ridiculously bad for you and expensive . their double  fried noodles have just about a full days worth of sodium and calories ... ugh . i do not understand how the pf changs all stay in business ... . theyre just not good . i had better chinese  yesterday and the   5 ... .
__label__pos  applause  .  the    by the  . the  show is a must see the set and production was absolutely amazing .
__label__neg stayed at a hotel downtown . went to diesel on a saturday night and it was an 8.00 cab ride away .  was 5. no coat room ladies so dress appropriately . diesel has good music and great vip  rooms . drinks were cheap so thats  a  my peach ciroc and 7 was only 7 the place was packed and very hard to get  . floor gets wet from spilled drinks so ladies be careful . ladies bathroom was filthy age of crowd was between 2228 mostly  white males in club last night . im judging by vegas standards so if this is the best pittsburgh has to offer im a little worried .
__label__pos  jim  there  .   . the   floor appears to have been folding chairs . row dd there was only one seat between us and  . there was a large full bar in the back . location was drowned with model looking amazons . double plus .
__label__neg admittedly im nearing the end of maximum buffet capacity as i age into my mid30s meaning the appeal of impersonating a human version of a foie gras force fed goose is quickly waning faster than a 68 year old mans erection . that and my proficiency for converting large amounts of food into rude amounts of byproduct is normally deterrent enough to prevent any gluttonous inclinations . nnexcept when i find myself in las vegas where i seemingly always find myself reenacting michael corleones sentiment just when i thought i was out ... they pull me back in nnin comparison to my last foray into the realm of gastronomic excess known as the las vegas buffet the village seafood buffet is a more humble option to the bellagios all you can eat spread that i last conquered in conanesque fashion 3 plates with not one ounce of vegetable matter not surprisingly horrifying my vegetarian girlfriend when i ate my  in bbq ribs years back . rios village seafood buffet promises heaping piles of king crab legs raw oysters various sushi cooked shrimp alongside others dishes that span the global flavours of the middle east to mexico to chinajapan and occasionally even into the skimpyattired borders of hootersville the land where all good food is fried food.nnavoiding the pitfalls of typical allyoucan eat deals the king crab legs and rock crab claws were surprisingly flavourful and mostly devoid of the excess salinity that mars most buffets if you particularly like these seafood choices and are capable of eating several plates of these aquatic arachnid parts you might find the buffet worth the money . in fact i spied a notable amount of the dining rooms patrons with plates singularly piled with only crab appendages communicating the quality of the particular offering . on the other hand the raw oysters reminded me of a real life autopsy of a human beings  offered on a half shell a gray flaccid watery mass that didnt do much to excite the taste buds and worried me enough to limit my intake to a single slurp followed by an immediate return to the belief in the power of prayer . the worst though were the overcooked tough and slightly unappetizing looking because squished eyeballs werent bad enough slipper lobster tails possibly cooked by h.r . geiger himself this culinary crime against nature is stacked en masse in a broth with a strong resemblance to used laundry water ...  i ate two in sheer stubborn stupidity hoping id get over the yuck factor and love the taste of laundry water . skip the  lobster tails unless youre looking for a chew  that looks like the underside of a pillbug and tastes no better.nnlaid out neatly sushi rolls and nigiri are standard buffet fair and easy to devour in multitudes which i did but it was really the hot food options in the chinese food section notably their steamed dumplings noodles and braised chinese string beans that i enjoyed the most . at the same time the rubbery sliced steak  might be a good way to loosen a tooth if you have a child looking to cash in with the tooth fairy characterized with a taste that can only be described as interesting . overall besides the ethnic tinged dishes the overwhelming characteristic of this buffet is a blandness that is neither notably offensive nor memorable.nnleave yourself  for a creme brulee a slice of chocolate mousse cake and some gelatoice cream which is dispensed from a contraption that looks like an angled wheel of lactose misfortune manned by an octarian who scoops the most miniscule amounts of chilled sweets . theyre not bad at all if markedly more flavourful than the entrees that preceded them during our hour stay . also be sure to download the free upgrade coupon from the rio casino website youll be rewarded with a silver dollar sized filet mignon oscar with grilled shrimp and asparagus true to its petite advertisement.nnseafood lovers heaven perhaps if your expectations land somewhere near the realm of red lobster territory . otherwise at best village seafood buffet doesnt seem any better than the multitude of allyoucan eat seafood buffets in any metropolitan city bigger than bakerfield . because of the price and the limited selection of actual seafood worth eating in vast quantities or eating at all youd be better off using that money at one of the finer dining establishments in lv that promotes quality over quantity or wandering over to the roulette table and always betting on black like that wise taxevading sage once professed .
__label__neg    in     was  too sweet too will never go back .
__label__pos this cheesecake factory is located in caesars palace  mall by neptunes statue and laser show . whether you sit  or outside its always a great  . if you sit outside you can watch the show as you eat . whether its summer or winter youre indoors so its  a better idea to sit outside . the staff are professional and friendly . nnthe food  up the great  of cheesecake factory . from the drinks to the meals to the  they are all excellentnnits a great place for dates and families .
__label__neg how frustrating i wanted to love this place . the  on the menu sounded great . the atmosphere when we walked in was cozy a definite upscale setting . we had a reservation for a large group were seated right away no problem there .  had waters for the table and some bread . our  was great . nnunfortunately the suggested meal i ordered was horrible i was debating between the fillet oscar style and either a fish or seafood dish . after a suggestion by our waiter i ended up  the jumbo gulf white shrimp dish which is followed by the description grilled with lemon garlic and fresh jonah crab . by the way this dish is 29. i also ordered the crab and corn chowder . damn the corn chowder was great . rich hot and a good amount of crab . sadly ... my main dish was just awful . my first bite was dry and dry and more dry . i swear there was raw garlic andor raw shallots on my plate and random crumbs of god knows what sprinkled over all of the shrimp . you would think that there would be a sauce on top of this dried grilled shrimp but there was not . how about a lemon butter sauce no . i ate two shrimp off of my plate and quickly tried to give them away to everyone else but no one wanted them . this was one time i wish i had sent the plate back and ordered something different but that isnt usually how i roll . i  that . spending that much on a dinner for me usually means i liked my dish but this time i hated it . how i wish i sent it back.nnthe other end of the  had great looking dishes . they all ordered a steak dish . ribeye fillet etc . all looked great and they all said it was delicious . wish i was on that end . nnoverpriced for what you  . nni wont be 
__label__pos not that  off the strip  one of the greatest breakfasts youve ever had . we  at about 1030 and had to wait for about 45 minutes but it was  it .  the andys sage fried chicken . it was amazing . nnstarts off with mashed potatoes then  great biscuits on top of that . then comes the delicious crispy fried chicken with tons of scrambled  on top a grilled piece of cheese and then the chipotle hollandaise sauce . i left the place being one of the most fooddrunks ive  been .
__label__pos theres so much overpriced bad food to be had in vegas . i discovered hash house a couple years ago and make it a point to stop in when im in vegas .  stars instead of 5 because the staff isnt super friendly ... semifriendly ill say.nncoffee is good not  . bloody mary was good not great.nscrambles are good and so are the benedicts . i tend to overorder here because everything sounds so  . i encourage sharing an egg dish and a pancake . its plenty .
__label__neg great salmon salad . the salmon was  to perfection . servings are huge the kids enjoyed their  and  n cheese . great atmospherennunfortunately the service wasnt so amazing . teresa our server was pleasant . once she brought us our food the attention came to a halt . luckily we didnt  refills for our  . she dropped the check off early and tended to her other  . we waited more than an extra 15 minutes until we finally waves her down to ask her for a togo  . but once we stood up the checkbook from our table was picked up quickly
__label__neg i have to agree that service here is nonexistant . my friend and i went for a  lunch 3 p.m. we were one of  couples seated and yet the service was awful . i had to ask the waitress twice to fill my glass only to look over and see her sitting with another couple chatting . i finally held up my glass and said please only then did i get my water.nnthe pan roast was nothing more than seafood stew and not nearly as good as the one my husband and i used to love at the palms a few years  . nthe  salad was good cold and plentiful . nnthe  floor and walls makes it very noisy cooks chatting music etc . so conversation was difficult even though the place was empty . nto its credit tides is very clean bright and  maintained.nnwould we go back again no . too many other good seafood  .
__label__pos   of   salads.nfriendly and  employeesservers .
__label__pos     great  and  food located inside the venetian hotel . we were here with a group of 13 for a birthday party . the service was great although we had reservations we still had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated . i think everyone loved their  . it is a bit pricey but its such a  spot . i got a couple of tempura dishes sweet potatoe and avocado and some type of chicken dish . my husband tried sushi and something else and we are both a fan . it turns into a club upstairs at night and its free to get in as long as you get your hand stamped . however you still have to go back outside and wait in line again to go into the club . the club was too crowded loud and had a much younger crowd that what i would have liked so we didnt enjoy the club portion but the restaurant is a must do
__label__neg had a rather expensive meal at  and went away less than thrilled with the overall experience . mediocre to acceptable food high  for small  slow service and a poorly laid out restaurant design lacking anything visually appealing . ok the big buddha was pretty cool but that was about it . between food service and atmosphere would think they have  one of them right all lacked  . seemed like a restaurant that is resting on its laurels . since this is about vegas herding  in  as  money as they can and then some it is what it is . what it is not a place i would come back .
__label__pos i dont know why but for some reason this buffet is one of the better ones ive  when it comes to sushi . much better than hokkaido at least but id prefer to get my  at an  sushi bar . yes they have premade rolls and  laid out on counters but at least the food looks like it was just made by the  . none of this sitting out there untouched for hours looking like it would just cause a different  of unpleasant feelings in my stomach . the nonsushi items are pretty good too . nnplace is pretty clean and though i only came here for lunch a few months ago the 18 can be easily justified here once you eat enough haha . its also nice that its inside the outlets and usually im a fan of shopping in these  of places especially when they have a decent store lineup . nni think i only wrote this review because im going to vegas in a couple  and ill likely come back here . update soon haha .
__label__pos id give high 3.5 to a 4 while not the best its simple  and  . i ordered the  tsos chicken the sauce and chicken where ok but what surprised me was the broccoli which was large and still crispy not over  and overall it was good and not just a after thought which brought balance to the meal i wish there was more  . i would definitely order again . the crab rangoon was  and the fried dumplings where mighty tasty and 8 will never be enough when eating fried dumplings   at a time .
__label__pos  food   . the  is  oldschool steakhouse but that doesnt matter when you have one of the dishes placed before you . the crabcake appetizer is creamy and nicely sauced the gnocchi and lobster appetizer is heaven . ive had nearly all of the entrees there over the years and ive never been disappointed . the consistency in the  is also admirable.nnthe carlton is known for its great wines and the servers are wellversed in them . all in all its a very nice specialoccasion restaurant .
__label__neg  all you foodies out there nntoday i will give you our opinion of joes bbq.nnand i do realize food is a preference and i am a very picky person.nni realize joes has its local following however from a girl who has tried many of the bbq joynts here in the greater phoenix area i have to say ... . i dont get itnni was being fair in trying joes twice ... ..just to make sure it wasent an off day.nnwe first went to joes pick up window a few weeks ago and tried a slab of ribs and a combo plate with chicken ribs and some bbq beef and bbq pork.nni enjoy some good fall off the bone ribs but what i got was a  of pry off the bone ribs.nni must say the bbq sauce was ok but the meat was tough and chewy and i was extremely dissapointed.nnon the combo place the chicken was dry as were the meats.nni would like to compliment the mac and cheese which is better than most and the bbq beans were also tasty.nni called joes to ask if i could bring back the ribs of which i ate 2 bones and get our money back and i was transfered to a very friendly manager who talked me into letting her send us a gift card so we can try again.nnshe insisted their ribs are  fall off the bone.nni told her i would prefer to bring back the food so she can see for herself what we spent good money on but she talked me into trying again.nnok so here it is a few weeks later and we happen to be on gilbert rd and decided to try again.nnwe got a 14 pd bbq beef sandwich and a 13 pd bbq pork sandwich.nnthe order taker gave a choice of sliced pork or chopped of which i prefer chopped.nnwhen we got home what we had was a bun and in a seperate styrofoam container a slop of what i am assuming was the bbq beef that looked disgusting and tasted equally as disgusting.nnno bbq sauce on the sidennthe bbq pork was plain dry big hard hunks of pork and only one small side of bbq sauce not nearly enough to wet the pork or even cover the pork.nnboth sandwiches were thrown away ... nnfor dinner we ate mac and cheese and a small side of bbq beans.nnso now i have to ask again ... ..people ... .. please get in your car and drive into phoenix to bobby qs bbq and give their food a try.nni realize we all want a good place close to home but joes simply doesnt do it for us.nnluckily the gift card we received is also good at joes farmhouse grill ... which is a fun place to visit otherwise we would have sent the card back with a thanks ... but no thanks ... . even free its not worth itnnwe would  drive 12 hour to bobby qs and enjoy some real good bbq.nnyou can look back at my review of bobby qs . nnwe went there   and have never been dissapointed and i am a tough criticnni would suggest if you decide to eat at joes try the root beer ... it is quite goodnnif you  corn bread ... .. dont eat it here ... it is 2.29 for a small square of thin corn bread . the taste is ok but not at all worth the price.nnand so i repeat ... . i dont get it nor do i like it nor will be back or recommend joes to anyone.nnthis is just 2 peoples opinion but as i always suggest ... . give it a try and see what you think and before you make a decision ... try bobby qs and compare.nnand until you do ... ... nnbon appetite
__label__neg   to  this  .   excellent  and nice atmosphere . the food is just okay.nnbrisket was sort of dry and served chopped and sauced . pulled pork had very little flavor to it same thing with the chicken breast . coleslaw didnt have much seasoning to it . the baked beans were decent . the potato salad was tasty.nnmaybe im a bbq snob because ive had some  options in other cities ive lived in . i dont think id go back .
__label__neg dinner was fine for the most part . we asked to have a chicken  put back onto the grill because we wanted it well done . and then we  to watch the   make faces at the  when  to  it back on the grill for a  . he didnt realize we were right in front of him . unfortunate for both of us .
__label__pos who doesnt  ice cream nnthe   about staying on the other side of vegas in the california hotel was stumbling upon the   shop . i must have squealed that i did not know lapperts was herennanyway doesnt matter if youre too full from your meal or too drunk stumble in and let your taste buds rejoice .
__label__pos the   was   .  the   .  for daryl . best waiter ever because he used to be a butler he is finishing law school . nice man .
__label__neg ate here on july 6th . i am a las vegas local and when i asked the waitress about a locals discount she said there was no locals discount at the restaurant . nending up  over 50.00 for lunch for 2 people when i should have had a few dollars off . the waitress didnt even flinch before telling me there was no locals discount.ni am rarely in this restaurant but this place never  to  me in some way or the other.nthe  is pleasant and service was relatively quick but they still  a one   for ripping me offnnplease note the casino website for this restaurant makes note of a 10 percent off for las vegas locals with id on the restaurant webpage . yelp reviewers make note of a discount for locals but i was just outright told immediately by my waitress that there was no locals discount .
__label__neg    decor.nna   on the service part.nnsushi makes up for it.nni enjoyed the baked rolls very much.nsalmon tasted good.ncalamari was surprisingly yummy.nj roll came out cold . deep fried rollnnayce 26.99 dinner . nexpensive..nnive had better but i just like the location.ndont come too often . kaya all the way .
__label__neg i cant believe they charge for this . my kids loved it but theyre not writing the  . the 2 stars are for the dolphins which were very active and fun to watch . the  and  were asleep for our visit . a trainer tried to entice activity by throwing it food but the animals didnt give a  . the worst part was a green screen room where the employees who i know are doing their jobs are trying to be annie liebowitz and having people who are not going to buy these shitty comped images stand and  many many pics and waste the time of people who want to go . i cut through only to have a bitch of an employee tell me that she was in the middle of a shoot . for  i said im in the middle of my vacation . fuck her and fuck the 50 i spent to get in . waste of time
__label__pos was in town with 2 female coworkers and we decided to check out this club . since it was a  minute thing and we werent on any guestlist we stood in line and waited forever . luckily we  some guys that were vip and walked  right in . woohoo ... nnloved the layout of the club . especially the fire and fountain by the circular dancefloor.nnmy 2 coworkers seem a little bored at the club because it wasnt really playing their type of music but i was super delighted because i am a  girl . but boy ... its hard to  to the music when you are trying to bounce to the beat in a tiny little skirt and 3 inch  heels . hahah ... nnyup i had a great time at rain .
__label__neg oh rain how i wish youd go away and not the rain falling from the sky . nnive been to rain nightclub a number of times by number i mean more then i can remember and while i have had some great experiences in recent times not so much . ive written a permanent mental note to myself that i have outgrown the allure of rain.nncoming to rain for the  time is an experience every vegas newbie should endure . what could be better you are in a very hip hotel and a trendy nightclub . there are beautiful girls handsome men fire and gogo dancers . nothing is better at that moment . fast forward 10 years and you realize the music is horrible . ladies and gents that is where i am at.nni love all types of music and artists . from rap to hiphop classical jazz electronic ... . but techno just isnt for me . after 3 songs i feel like ive been time warped into a futuristic torture chamber . and i look around and im the only person in  ... . everyone else us having the time of their lives . i went once and deadmau5 was the dj . i prefer kaskade sorry . it wasnt my type of music and i was forced to drink more ... well until i ordered my patron on the rocks yes i drink patron on the rocks . high drink prices are to be expected its  . but i need to be having a good time while im spending my gas money and i wasnt so i  . nnthe next time i decided to give rain the old college try was because dj jazzy jeff was on the wheels of steel . yes the same dj jazzy jeff from the fresh prince of bel air . only he was  deadmau5 . omg what is going on that was the last and final time i will ever visit rain ... .nnnbut for those of you who like techno id advise you to get the palms club pass . it  your entry into the clubs and gives you the option to leave and keep the party going in many venues.nnnalso im 510 without shoes so imagine me in heels . and that fire comes really low . ladies  ... .
__label__neg my grandfather loves vegas and so does the rest of my family . ive visited las vegas at least three times a year every year since i was five . we often stayed at the mgm  up and so as an adult i continued to stay there . the mgm was like a second home when we visited the strip . in the  couple of years i started staying at the signature because of the room size . my first two experiences with the hotel were great . when my little sister was about to turn 21 i convinced her to fly to las vegas from new jersey to celebrate . they spent a lot of money to  out and it was her boyfriends first trip since coming home from serving three terms in  . i wanted this trip to be perfect as you can  but when they  into the hotel they found vomit in the bath tub . vomit are you serious . how we can we believe the hotel is clean and bed  free if they cant even clean up vomit from a bathroom . i  awful that this was their first vegas experience . very disappointed . we even let the hotel know that we were celebrating two special occasions and they offered them a room with no balcony and no view even though we paid for a balcony . ill never stay here again .
__label__neg  to see david  night at 930  was slow and lacked energy . it seems  is past his prime and his best trick of the  was swindling me out of 200 for me and my wife to attend . honestly the lady next to me fell asleep 10min into it . the hall needs renovations and so does the illusions . save your money  something else
__label__neg not my favorite by far . ive eaten inside once and had delivery through a local  . nnmy friend and i first had a late saturday lunch weeks back when weather still couldnt decide if it was was winter or spring . for an appetizer we ordered the table side guacamole ... the large portion.nnour server arrived at our table with a cart containing all the ingredients even a convenient tip jar prominently in front and two yes two small avocados . when i asked if this was the large portion she merely nodded as if she didnt understand or didnt know . 9.95 for this in which we were finished in moments each having about 5 scoops.nnyou would expect guacamole to be served with chips . while we were presented with an initial serving and salsa we were out of chips in no time having none for our  salsa . we did finally get some more but no salsa making them kinda  after just moments . when we did ask for more while waiting for our  they kindly  not  to note only the first two orders were complimentary tacking around 3 to the check without note . i did complain to the manager noting we never got but one initial serving of  and had to use the first serving of chips for our meager guacamole  . he did offer to remove the charge taking our word as to the situation.nni only wish there was an el chico or don pablos in the area as ive never been disappointed with those experiences .
__label__neg rip offnnif you get your hair colored be prepared to  out an additional 40 to have  blow dry it . ummm  me wouldnt you want to see the finished productnnfeel free to use the  dryer in the womens locker room and hope you like the finished  . oh and   if you dont like it
__label__neg the location is good and the patio can be  on a winter afternoon . the food however  to be about 20 overpriced for what you receive . it isnt bad mind you but it certainly isnt  the prices they charge . the bar area gets very very crowded on friday nights which can be good or bad  on what youre in the  for . it is a nice  for drinks and maybe appetizers .  it for dinner though and  someplace else within walking distance in old town scottsdale .
__label__neg this place was a huge disappointment . i went here because of all the stellar reviews on yelp . yelpers you steered me wrong . nni ordered the eggs benedict . the  said it had shaved ham and basil hollandaise sauce . the waitress made a point of  me that the over easy eggs would be very runny . ok ... well i thought it was odd that they werent poached but went with it since i know benedict includes a runny eggit is part of what  then delicious . i was also eager to try the bread since they made a point of  that all their bread was baked in house . boy was i in for a big disappointmentnnthe benedict arrived . it was two thomas english muffins with deli meat ham and the basil hollandaise was just  garnished with basil . the eggs were not runnythey were raw . i mean the egg whites were rawnnthe waitress seemed startled when i sent it back but was truly great about it . but ... i think you can guess what happened next ... it came back with overcooked  ... think hard boiled at this point i was starving so i just went with it . the waitress noticed that i wasnt eating much so she didnt charge me.nnso ... i give them 5 stars for service but 1 star for food.nni will say that it is a nice setting and i would go back for a drink but not  more . thank you to the stellar wait staff for somewhat redeeming the experiencennthat being said i was just visiting the area so i wont likely be back .
__label__pos   is  my  importspecialty   in cu . the staff is super friendly the place is clean and the prices are generally pretty reasonable . nnand the cheese ... mmmm ... the cheese . they have an awesome selection of cheeses all of which theyre happy to let you sample . most importantly they have lurpak a popular brand of danish butter . mmmmmm ... .butter .
__label__pos we went with a group to eleven . the seating was in a rounded booth that was spacious and comfortable . drinks were served promptly and were delicious . nnfor the whole experience ordering an appetizer is a  . i went with a salad but the main  was definitely the star . while the gnocchi sounded good i chose the pork chop . nnit was cooked  and was thick and  . definitely made the right pick . we decided to forego dessert but were surprised with chocolate  . nnwe loved the experience at  and will definitely go back if on pittsburgh
__label__pos this is simply a great bar.nneach area two downstairs and one upstairs has its own vibe . the downstairs bar area gives off a  barvibe . the  room is  and intimate a  break from the loud crowds at the  or the house music and dancing upstairs . ill be honest . i dont  house music the oftplayed tunes in the place . but great company friendly djs chad is  and good service makes up for it.nnthere are daily deals mojito mondays and djs . they are open late every day.nntheres a drink for everyone . lots of imported and specialty beers in the case . even this beerlover takes a break when ova is mixing the drinks .
__label__neg as someone who is just newly trying to get into cheese i wanted to come here to  up some charcuterie and cheese to go along with it . this is a fairly large store with a large selection of wines as their name  . however their cheese selection didnt seem as vast nor their cured meats which was a bit of disappointment . nna few of us still decided to give it a go and browsed a  until the sa was done with his current customer . he seemed to be extremely helpful and friendly while talking to her so we continued to wait . when it came our turn he wasnt quite as friendly not that he was rude but he didnt go that extra mile with us as he had with the previous customer . we asked for some suggestions for soft cheeses and he had one that turned out to be pretty good . what i didnt  was when we asked for a sample he just smeared some onto a wax paper and we were basically forced to lick it off the paper and there were 4 of us sampling it . there has to be another way for  soft cheese.nnwe also purchased some cured meat which was on the pricier side . our friend had the bresaola and it had a  taste . it had a  mineral taste and it wasnt the right texture . nnim sure this place is great for wines but their selection of cured meats and cheese didnt have as great of a variety and was overpriced .  if i become more cultured in wine ill be able to appreciate this mom and pop shop more but until then i will try to find another place for the charcuterie .
__label__pos  at hyde park overall was a great experience we  on sunday when they have less expensive meal  . we had bacon wrapped  for and app which i would highly  . for my dinner portion i had the salmon which was delicious and a huge portion . all the men in our party order steaks and they all raved over them . dessert we order keylime pie and carrot cake . the  pie was delicious and meant for 1 person . the carrot cake on the other hand was huge more like a half of carrot cake . the menu said  for 24 people but we shared it was 5 and still had left 
__label__pos what a gemnngreat food . friendly  and nice atmospherennhighly recommendnthe chips and  rings are stellar . burgers and salads fabulous  you for a fabulous time
__label__pos my wife and i had a nice date here on 11312013 for dinner . we ordered the followingnnsmoked venisonncarpaccionnroasted cauliflowernsoupnnbrick oven braised neighborhood lambnnthe food was very good . it almost reminded me of  farmhouse french style . my wife especially  the lamb both my wife and i ordered lamb as the main dish . nnthe venison carpaccio was very good.nnthe roasted cauliflower soup was not exactly available on 11312013.  it was substituted with a seafood chowder . regardless it was  good . nni would  back there again . i do not know what i would order the next time though . it is my hope that the restaurant periodically changes  the menu based  what is seasonal and fresh .
__label__neg dont know why this place got such good reviews 4 12  i was staying at palace station so naturally i wanted to  this place because of all the good  . i got the combo pan roast like everyone suggested on  and there was nothing good to say about it except for the 3 pieces of lobster that was in there and the few shrimp . you could barely see any crab meat in there . the rice that came with it was soggy and clumpy and not enough when comparing the pan roast and rice ratio . nnpros nit was just a short walk  since i was staying at the hotel.nthe waitress and cook were nice nncons based on the combo pan roast that i got . nrice way too soggy and clumpy and not enough for the pan roast.nthe combo pan roast was overpriced for what you get . only 3 pieces of lobster just a few shrimp and hardly any crab meat.nlong line long  not at all worth it . save your money for something better or spend a little more for a nice buffet .
__label__pos good      .   you  the nove gnocchi for one of the side dishes
__label__neg i purchased the travelzoo knowing darn well that tax and gratuity werent included . what i did not expect was a 20 tax to be added on the value of my meal  . not knowing this i tipped another 20 bucks . no where on my voucher menu restaurant website waiter telling us did it clearly  that a 20 gratuity would be  on all purchases . not only that it was based on the value of the meal which is arbitrary at best . i now noticed  has 410 dollar value voucher for 99 for almost the exact same  ... ..well except instead of a  dollar tip on a 99 dollar meal they will get an 82 dollar tip on a 99 dollar meal . food was sub par at best . my gf and i didnt even finish it all or want to take it home . beware of this place . if you  somewhere nice in the palms try alize they are 10x  and a whole heck of a lot cheaper which is sad because they were a lot fancier than this place .
__label__neg not to happy ... just really bad service and representation by the staff . lack of knowledge by any degree . and asking to get something done different such as no spicy mayo holy cow did they get offended . and why we paid  for the four half orders of maki rolls . we should have been the offended . nnwe ordered two of the seven course tasting menus . 59.00 each i believed . it  with 3 salads . two  and two entrees . which they put all of each courses on a single plate . now we didnt ask them to split each course per couple . the four of us splitting but combining the two on the same plate lazy as hell nnthe salads were all bland ... npotskickers were fantasticndumplings were nothing rememberable nthere lobster pancakes tasted nothin like  and had way to much mushroom . nspicy shrimp entree was actually great . good spice and  ... .nroasted  steak was ok ... ... .. served with fried spinach . that was nice . here is another rant ... . we were offered a  in the tasting menu with our entrees . fried rice or wasabi mashed potatoes . we were never asked and of course got wasabi mashed potatoes . we asked for the  to be changed it was and we were billed for it nice
__label__pos   .   .   in  .  even drove our party of ten back to the convention center when the cabs were slow to arrive will return next trip .
__label__pos ive been coming to la  a lot  the new manager tony  over . he has   a great job with the du00e9cor and ambiance of the place and now i find it to be  elegant yet cozy . nfor dinner i had the lasagna and i must say that it was the best lasagna ive ever had if youre up for dessert i  recommend the tiramisu its to die for..  bar is wonderful for classic cocktails and they have a great selection of wine.. you can also order food at the bar if youre flying solo .
__label__pos free cheese tasting on saturday free cheese tasting on saturday and if you are really nice they will give you a delicious  truffle to eat for free . can you tell im in  schoolnni love artmart like i love urban outfitters in campustown . its just so california that i can not help but be drawn to this place . i dont really buy anything save an inexpensive cheese grater cookie sheet and meat thermometer i know its random so sue me but i like that i could if i ever felt so inclined . but walking around a  milieu of goods that is oddly reminiscent of the moma  shop in sf combined with sur la table and the whole foods in the district in irvinetustin makes me feel warm and happy inside.nni can not wait to shop for my nephews birthday in the  section of artmart i have purposefully ignored that section of the store just to  my first excursion one where i can actually purchase  . i can hardly contain my excitement .
__label__neg the service is pretty darn  . the wine selection is  top  ... but they lost me on the foodnnunderstand i have frequented this place since we  into the area a few years ago . i was a big  of the handmade  and pesto . but is seems as if the focus on the food has slipped and substantially at that.nnim giving three stars because of our  dave . he rocks . and the wine  pretty much rocks . i havent checked out the new wine bar but it looks real nice.nnbut as for a meal . id be surprised if i go back ... nn ... and i am tempted to take that down to two stars ... yeah ... i have to give it a meh .
__label__pos  of my favorite breakfastblood mary  in town . cool atmosphere of  rock records on the  with a   of  . familyowned  .
__label__pos my   thai joint in vegas . cant beat the fact that they are open until 11 pm when most  at 9 or earlier . nnwe started with the  satay chicken and beef . both were delicious and the peanut sauce they include is terrific . lumpia egg rolls were quite tasty . wasnt too crazy about the har gow steamed   but i think that was just a matter of personal preference not poor  . nnfor main course we split the  curry with pork . it was perfect . sauce was perfect consistency and well spiced . quite excellent . nncant wait to go back .
__label__pos i love this place all the way from the velvet  chandlers and hardwood floors to the delicious prosciutto and ice cold beer.nnnnthere is only two reasons the roosevelt doesnt get five stars.n1 . wobbly tables and  of seatingnthe seating in this bar is really hard to come by . hard to mingle with large groups . the  being high off the  and wobbly make spillings  . odd juxtaposition of rooms  for a strange atmosphere.n2 . hours . hours . hours . hire some more  if you have to but stay open later and more frequently.. this bar needs to be open more
__label__neg we drive     we   . the  couple times our food has been great but the service sucks . employees are rude . they dont great you with the typical banter . it feels a lot like we are inconveniencing them . not sure its worth the  anymore ...
__label__pos i have been to essence several times in the past but it wasnt until the other day when i came here for lunch with friends that i decided to review it . overall the food here is very  . dishes are made with fresh ingredients you often get a nice side of greens with your meal and the environment is both classy and cozy . their macaroons make for an excellent dessert . the other day i ordered the spanakopita and it was great . the  dough was crisp and flaky and the spinach and feta cheese came together  . i loved the salad of chopped bell  onion tomato and  in oil that came with it as it offered a nice vegetable counterpoint to the entree . a traditional green salad with this spinach pastry would have been too redundant . my only complaints are minor ones . the other day when i visited seeing that avocado is offered as an extra i requested to have it as part of my side for the spanakopita only to find out that they only serve avocado with the burger . huh i never got a  reasonable explanation for this . was ordering a side of  an inflammatory request was it a subversive act i thought the request was a reasonable one and i was willing to pay extra for it . the only other complaint concerns the size and setup of the place . this is a very popular lunch destination and people often end up in a line that extends well into the seating area . however given the size and shape of the actual facility i dont think much can be done about this except that you get there early for lunch and practice patience . the  at essence is definitely worth it .
__label__pos  are the best  tacos are  . highly recommend .  story on the el pedregal    seating  .
__label__neg poor service on   so its time for an update . the most recent involved being seated at the bar with no  from the bartender who then left the bar for a several minutes . no greeting . no  order . nothing . did i not exist what if the other patrons at the bar needed something for the quasiupscale  like this you simply should not experience this sort of thing . ever . i walked.nntheyre also hyping their herradura tequila bottled for them but they embarrass themselves by serving it chilled . this isnt vodka . coldness mutes the aromas and flavors . and tequila just isnt served chilled anyway . what a joke . i was polite in pointing out the issue with serving a premium tequila this way and apparently theyve  that criticismconcern in the past ...  they continue to do it anyway .
__label__pos oh raos i am so  we met . this is good   food . yes the menu is limited but what they do they do well .  was   without being disruptive .  faves the  purses and the veal parm .
__label__neg i know its their signature but still ... yearround christmas decorations are strange . if you dont know to expect it you get the  that they are just lazy about taking them down ... 8 months  . nnthe food was just ok where i didnt find raos to be   than the maggianos or buca di beppo type  you can find in suburbs across the country . nnnot sure why youd  out of your way and  las vegas premiums for that ...
__label__pos   .  to      for men obviously thats what caesar would want ... .ncaesars is world class always has been keep up the good work . you keep us coming back for more
__label__pos im still basking in the glow of this place . i celebrated my birthday on 520 by spending practically the whole day here . as soon as you begin the walk down the hall from the payment desk to the spa entrance you know youre in for a treat . the spa staff were extremely friendly and helpful  out all the fabulous amenities and answering any questions.nni started out with some of the pretzels and cold tea and later had the warm tea . it was so good i purchased it at the gift shop after african solstice . they also have assorted cold juices in a fridge underneath . nnup until the time i arrived i  back and forth about having a treatment or just enjoying the amenities for the day at a very reasonable price . the spa services ... .well not quite as reasonable . i made the mistake of hastily choosing a service for just under  not noticing it must have been a 2030 minute treatment . so not worth it . the woman who did my treatment  was extremely pleasant but i could have rubbed scrub on myself for 10 minutes in the shower for far  . next time and there will be one i will know better and likely just come to enjoy the facilities.nnafter recovering from the disappointingly brief treatment i donned my bathing suit and headed for the baths and the heated stone recliners . heavenly . i stayed there for most of the day as people came and went some clothed and some not keep that in mind if youre the modest type . i went between two of the baths couldnt brave the cold one and spent the rest of the time listening to music end keeping myself hydrated . there was bottled water towels whatever you needed everywhere . nnwith so many people coming and going it did get cluttered with towels and bottles around the baths . it took a minute but someone came through to straighten up and then they came regularly after that to keep things tidy . there was always someone restocking or straightening or otherwise tending to the  . nni almost missed a second bath area located next to the steam rooms.i think it was a herbal bath . mad i didnt spend more time there i couldnt stay long in the steam rooms but the few minutes i spent in the herbal one was great for my sinuses.nnthe shower area was busy but very clean and well stocked .  you need is in the shower . so no need to bring your own cleanser shampoo or conditioner . i did but ended up using theirs the shower had multiple faucets almost like a vichy shower . i need one of these in my homennthis was a perfect way to end the day . i looked very relaxed when i left . i wish they had one near me this is definitely a mustdo to unwind after a  weekend vegas style .
__label__neg i have been here several times and honestly i do love the decor . unfortunately theres just something disjointed about the whole experience.nnthe food is hit or miss so order carefully . the sweet onion flat bread and pork belly appetizer dish were both great and  as a combination but some of the dishes are just bad combination of  . also twice i have gone in and the entire place smelled like 5 day old fish they cooked anyway . no restaurant should smell like that.nnthey have a robust evening crowd especially on friday and saturday and the outdoor seating is nice . unfortunately the waiters tend to forget about you . the last time i visited i asked to be reseated midmeal because although it was not a busy night they sat a  both drenched in very strong fragrance next to me . not only does fragrance interfere with the taste of food but it give me migraines.nni excused myself to go to the ladies  and explained to the hostess i did not wish to cause a scene or to offend the new diners and asked if i could be discretely reseated inside that way the other diners would just think it was too chilly for us . nnshe did so graciously but to my great surprise our waiter had a hissy  . we sat and sat and sat and sat . i had already dropped a few bills on wine and half a meal but couldnt finish it for lack of service.nnits sad to say but i handled the situation with tact vintner grill did not.nthere are way too many good restaurants  a short distance to waste your time on vintners grill if you are a foodie . nnoverall i think if you not experienced with fine dining or just happy with kind of average stuff and want a place that is a pickup joint for the  people you would like the crowd and the food . for me ... its a well decorated version of something dante conjured up .
__label__pos  park is a  dollhouse of a  . great venue to unwind after work in or a business  to pittsburgh . sit on the  baseline for a   vista of  .
__label__neg absolute terrible experience . first time  with a friend and i was looking at some items . i playfully touched my friend on her side and the lady working kicked me out without an explanation .  my behavior made the lady uncomfortable . this was their reply to me when i emailed them and complained that i was offended embarrassed and shocked at how i was treated when it was my first time therenn i would like to apologize for any additional stress that this situation has caused you . i assure you that this in not a normal occurrence at  and our customers are our first priority.n we have reviewed the security tape several times and spoke  times with our employee regarding the incident . it seems as though our employee felt uncomfortable with some of the behavior going on between you and your friend . although we value each and every customer we also stand behind our employees best judgment on a  that puts the store and or other customers in an uncomfortable position . please accept our apologies and understand that we try to do what is in the best interest of our store and truly mean no harm when doing so . nnso for showing my good  a little bit of  got me  kicked out . never shopping here again .
__label__pos  ... here is the deal . i would give this place a 5 if i had never had east coast italian . fot italian food  i think this is a great place  . really cool decor . loved the bar . our bartender frank was a really cool guy . nnthe  that this place is a cougar heaven makes it extra cool  need lovin toonni think the best italian i have had in phoenix . had a spinach salad and bruschetta which was so good . bruschetta was one of the best i have had anywhere.nnhad a sausage and peppers in a red cream sauce . very very tasty . food was way better than i thought it would be . nnjust might go for happy hour today because i am cravin the  and the cougar  is a good one .
__label__neg  at  had fresh  rolls   in crepe not  paper as advertised on  had pad thai kinda a big glob of noodles with a a few  of carrot and green onion and no peanut garnish nota keeper
__label__neg i checked out this restaurant at the mirage right before watching beatles love . the restaurant has a nice ambiance and is conveniently located in the middle of the casino . i read all the reviews on yelp before checking this place out and was expecting great things . the service was great with fast and friendly service . the food however was disappointing . i got the all you can eat 40 deal . they served cheese rolls and crackers that were tough to eat and slightly stale . the vegetables tasted like bad cafeteria food the rice and beans were bland and the salad was soggy . then  the meats which were poor cuts  seasoned and tough to eat . i tried all the meats and my  was the lamb and even that wasnt great . im a huge fan of brazilian bbq but i was   with this one . for 40 all you can eat youre much better off  to one of the  buffets . the only benefit here was the short wait time .
__label__neg  the bar is nice but the hotel is horrible . the room they gave us originally was not even made up . after we complained they gave us the one next door . both rooms had a  smell to them . to make  worse i got next to no  as there was a ton of noise in the parking lot all night  . someone i was with finally ended up calling the  because the fights outside got so bad were were afraid it would  into a gun fight .  away
__label__pos siu wok is a clean  and decent chinese take out option for cenpho foodies.ni still havent found truly authentic and amazing chinese food in az . but this is about as good as a chineseamerican take out place you could ask for . nthey have some really great  as far as lunch options and combo meals are considered and their wait staff is attentive and subservient to say the least . ni would say that this is really an 3 star aok  of joint but the clean atmosphere cheap prices and portion size here really bumped it up another star . its  hard to  az chinese restaurants as i feel like that isnt something that we do so well down in the sw as compared to the nw or  so maybe my rating is a little askew . however i will say this be you in central phoenix one night and if you feel  some  chinese take out that isnt overly greasy than siu wok is a perfectly viable option.nthe lomein cold straight outta the fridge the next morning is a wonderful breakfast .
__label__neg beautiful  and open lounge made this place look inviting and we sst at a low table in the lounge . service was prompt but the food was soso and zero stars go to the appetizer calamari which was pressed fish that was soft soggy and horrible . it  like theyd bought it from the freezer  of a supermarket and then put it on a pretty  and aquifers green sauce on it . my husband and i thought it was the  calamari weve ever had and weve never  calamari that looked like soft fish sticks . the miso soup was good and the two rolls we ordered were just okay and nothing special . very disappointing that they  so much  into the decor and not the food .
__label__neg never mind its a 2 after all.nnthe reliability of the deuce in the last two days i stayed crashed . the first three  ive waited no more than  minutes which was the said frequency of the route . however the fourth day i waited 20 minutes for one and it was full . the  one was about 5 minutes behind so 25 minutes total . the fifth  35 minutes and had to wait two buses in order to get on.nnthe catch22 is that i can see why theres stops at literally every single block its meant as literally a stripdowntown sightseeing shuttle  to the sdx.nnnext time im staying at a hotel thats served by the  buses . as much as i loved the venetian .
__label__neg im disappointed we dine here for a lot of occasion . we  a rathernlarge bone in ribeye.54.00 this steak was seared at such a high tempnthat it was burnt on the outside and very rare on  . i couldnt tellnyou how it was seasoned i could only  burnt we did not  it.nand did not want another steak . i chose to take it home for our dogs.nwhen i got it home and looked at it i was pissed . to see it in the lightnthis steak was so burnt i would of asked for our money backni plan on calling and letting them know . i plan on going back for drinksnand side dishes . we do like this place a lot . but this was the worst experience  .
__label__pos want to have an amazing steak dinner then you must go to hanksnnlove an amazing martini then you must go to hanksnnto start the martinis from the bar are outstanding and they offer one of the best happy hours for martinis ive ever found . you can go to hanks just to enjoy a martini or three and an appetizer during happy hour or start at the bar and move on to your dinner reservation . you can also eat a full meal in the bar area and they have cute little tables that are a mere step down from the main dining areas . perk to this is that you are right by the piano and a get great entertainment . happy hour martinis are 12 priced and a steal they also have one for just about every taste . my personal favorites are the bo pino the pomegranite and the ruby red . happy hour lasts from 57pm every day even  and i believe they also have a reverse happy hour late some nights.nnanother perk to this wonderful establishment is the live music . most nights they have a live pianist who sings songs that just give you that feel good frame of mind . he plays the guitar as  and adds to the ambiance of an already beautiful restaurant.nnsince i mentioned beauty i will say this is as classy a steakhouse as i have ever seen . gorgeious chandeliers in the bar and dining areas beautifully set tables with fine china a very large wine display and the large glassenclosed fire just wow when you are seated the staff actually pull your table out for you so you can walk right into your seat no awkward sliding into your seat . also you cant skip a trip to the restroom with floor to ceiling doors covered in a marble  tile and a sink that just screams elegance.nnall that and i havent even touched on the food ohhh the food it is by far my most favorite place to eat and celebrate the joys of life . my husband and i typically get the 24 oz . chateaubriand for two which is a 24 ounce filet sliced at your table into tender slices . we have never had a problem with getting it cooked 100 to our liking medium rare which is surprising because its a very large steak and the edges never  out charred or more than medium with a perfectly cooked medium rare center . we often top it with a bu00e9arnaise sauce that melts in your mouth with goodness . a little  fact about the chateubriand is that it comes with a large assorment of cooked vegetables . so the 100 price of the meal appears steap at first but it more than feeds two and you get the vegetables you would probably add as a 10 side anyways . we typically start with side salads and add the side of mac and cheese and consider it one of the best weve ever had . our favorite salads are the wedge which is large and shareable and the california chopped which comes with a fruit flavored dressing and chopped  . you also start your meal with complimentary breads a nice variety including a delish cinnamon raisin and smooth whipped buttter.nnconsidering everything if you have never  here and love a good steakhouse you should try hanks . you will not be  .
__label__pos this is probably one of my   in   . the  make great  and the  is really  .
__label__neg i have  here a few times in the last few years . i remember one time ordering the sliders ... disgusting it tasted like rotten meat ... or as if the  had fallen on the  and put back on the buns . gross . it was game day so it took forever getting the food so we never complained or asked for another order since we had been starving . i ate the fries only . then another time i  we asked for pizza rolls  maybe theyre as good as casey jones . nope ... they were friggin totinos pizza rolls probably like 4 for a box of them at the grocery store but 6.95 here . the next time i went i didnt order food i knew better dont have much to say about drinks since i had nothing but water . even that doesnt taste great though like  water . great  for games but just atrocious food .
__label__neg if you i can  this   i will .  customer  .   . dont  here .
__label__neg if it werent for my onceayear loyaltyobligatory appearance to the phoenix texas exes college  gamewatching party i would have  been scooted into this what  to downtrodden dive . i feel bad for saying it because when they hosted this event they had no idea how far over their heads they would be with this contingent particularly since it was the first game of the season and it was on ppv.nnthey were woefully understaffed the   ran out of shiner bock and couldnt get the broadcast well into the longhorns suckage of the 2nd qtr . ut could have lost that clunker and i blame lager fields.nnfood was okay . small  for outdoor seating . tv arrangement was serviceable . staff was very nice and apologetic . two stars for the  and  for stocking the shiner bock . i wont be back though .
__label__pos as you will see from my reviews i have eaten at high end steak places in ny philadelphia and dc ... ..this is definitely in the top 5 of all of them . nnwe went here with a group and ate on a thursday night we had no problem  a table for 4 at 8pm with reservations . nni had the lobster with bacon appetizer which was honestly the lowlight of my meal but still very good . my wife had a beet salad which looked nice and a friend of mine split onion rings with the table . the free fries were also amazing and we loved the different sauces.nnnext came the main courses . my  ordered a filet done perfectly . my friends gf had the halibut which was also excellent . i had the regular  eye and the king crap options as did my friend . let me just say this steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly . the king crap legs that were the side were amazing . they were split and all of the  parts were left . a great addition nnwe got the mashed potato sides as well as a mushroom that was  of a forrest fire . nni think that this is a great steakhouse and a  place to eat . i would highly recommend this  in  .
__label__pos michael mina has exploded . before you know it he is going to have a restaurant in every major city in the country . ive eating at several of his other restaurants so i had a good idea of what to expect . however this was the first time ive visited his steakhouses . from a culinary aspect ive always enjoyed his food . however the price you pay for his work tends to eclipse a reasonable number . ive always left his place enjoying the food but never wanting to go back because i feel like it cost a little more than its worth . the amount of addons you get exceed reasonable . with that being said having an expensive restaurant in vegas is the norm and almost should be expected . so with that in mind my concerns with cost went out the door and that left my taste buds to enjoy  savory bite . nnat a steakhouse its a standard that i get the bonein rib eye . we went to stripsteak on a thursday night and they sat us close to 11pm which was great we arrived at 945pm . i ordered the american kobe tartare and it was delicious . very flavorful not to overwhelming and the steak just melted in your mouth . an excellent appetizer that was prepared table side . the steak i ordered was mediumrare and it was spot on . the thickness of the cut is  smaller than say a rib eye cut at delmonicos . so the edges of the cut were closer to medium than the center which was closer to mediumrare . the tenderness of the steak was excellent . an excellent steak that was grilled perfectly . nna steakhouse should be able to make great steak . that is the norm . to make great appetizers at a steakhouse that isnt necessarily a given . i think one of the best steakhouses for appetizers and other parts of the meal ive experienced was at david burkes primehouse in  . at that steakhouse it is more than just the steak . stripsteak is pretty close but still a distant second to david burkes . the thing that separates this steakhouse and makes it a fourstar on yelp is the scotch selection . the selection of scotch is extensive and is well worth the visit for any aficionado . on this night i visited with a friend that knew scotch more than me and he was surprised at the selection . nnlastly this is one of the few steakhouses on the strip that actually  true japanese a5 wagyu . they have two choices filet and ribeye . both bradley ogdens in caesars palace and sw steakhouse in the wynn have a version of the filet and cut in the palazzo actually has two choices as well filet and ribeye . so this is one of the few  many traditional steakhouses . it does provide more options.nncons nthe wine selection by the glass was okay at the time of this  91309ish . i was really hoping that they had some really good bold cabs by the glass but  that i wanted was by the bottle and the bottle selection although expansive was  . as usual the markup on some of these bottles are way too much . nnive only been here once so far but i look forward to eating here again . nice work michael now maybe you can fix your original namesake in union squarebut i digress .
__label__pos overall a good dining experience.nni probably would have given this  a 5 if the sides were tastier ... nnas for the meat it was excellent . my  ordered a bonein rib eye and a bonein filet which they thoroughly enjoyed . since im not much of a steak girl i ordered the short rib which was delicious it was super tender and seasoned perfectly.nnthe duck fat fries  at the beginning of the meal were excellent but the potato focaccia bread was just okay . the creamed corn was delicious . the potato puree trio sounded  than it actually tasted . i thought the onion rings were just okay as well.nnthe service was also  . nngrade a
__label__pos a definite place to make a reservation if you are staying at  bay . we enjoyed our meal and the waitstaff was the absolute best . totally unpretentious and enjoyable meal . the  of  fat fries were awesome along with the sauces . i made the mistake of saying to my husband that sauce is good what it it he replied ketchup .  . nni ordered the colorado  which was tender and cookedgrilled perfectly . i devoured everything . we also had a side of brussel sprouts with  and creamed spinach . nneven though we were absolutely stuffed we decided to split a dessert beignets with butterscotch pudding . soooo goood . cant wait to try minas other restaurants seablue looks really good .
__label__pos  versionnnthe  rib cap was the best steak ive ever had . and the service was excellent . our server katy made the dinner a complete 5star experience.nnlong versionnnas i walked in i asked our server if i could finish my can of beer at the table . sure katy said flashing a smile . yeah im cheap and i hate spending money on expensive steaks and drinks . i was set to order one of the cheapest things on the menu kobe burger at 20 when i mentioned to her that ive been disappointed every time i ordered a 30 steak . she replied that their rib cap was the  steak shes ever had . she tried to explain what a rib cap was but her friendliness was so disarming that i ordered it without fully understanding where on the cow the meat was coming from . i normally like medium but i know mediumrare should be the way to go . she suggested something in between mediumrare plus . i doubted her cooks skills but she assured me that their temperature control was outstanding.nnwhats a   i had to look it up when i got home . on a chunk of roast theres the familiar ribeye loin and then that layer of fat along the top . when you cut away the eye theres quite a bit of meat still attached to the fat . thats the ribcap.nnout came the meat and i immediately cut into it . it wasnt running blood but it was still full of that that happy pink center you expect from a gentlycooked steak . mediumrare plus after a vigorous discussion with my tablemates we settled on a description of the ribcap the robust flavor of the ribeye the tenderness of a filet and the mouthmelting fat of pork belly . a trifecta worth the 60. the sides were awesome but i couldnt stop loving each bite of my steak.nnkaty checked in and i was impressed that the product delivered . she noticed my can of pale ale was out and suggested i try an ipa . wine just wouldnt do with this steak and i got the feeling that katy was a beer kinda girl . i mentioned to the server extraordinaire that the only problem i had with the ribcap was after the first bite and subsequent beefy fatness melted and coated your mouth the excitement of the next bite was slightly diminished . nnkaty went back to the kitchen and brought out a small serving of coconut sorbet as a kind of intermezzo palate cleanser . so my last bite was just like my first .
__label__pos   a   rating.nthis  had  food.nexcellent service great ambiance and awesome steaksnnour whole experience was excellent once we got past the snooty little girls who seated us our waiter and his fellow staff were first class.nnthe mixed appetizers and entru00e9es were some of the very best i have ever eaten . ntheir beef was cooked perfectly to our requests the side dishes all of a very high standard.nnwhen back in vegas will be dining there again
__label__pos solid sports  went here for the womens world  finals and had a great time . bloody marys were  and the appetizers were a nice surprise . the jalapeno  were yummy and the sliders were nice too . service was great and ill definitely be  ... theyve  murphys on 
__label__neg no coffee maker ... no   ridiculous they were really illprepared for the  marthon and serving hundreds of runners . no complementary  or fruit in the lobby .  out of  and checkout for  was noon .
__label__neg was in town for the ultra swim event that was happening right across the street at the mecklenberg  center . we received a special room rate that was negotiated by swimmac so thanks guys for that . i would have been kind of annoyed to have paid the full rate.nnas many others have said they are trying to put off that the blake is like the mondrian or something like that but it is not . a bunch of modern furnitureinterior design does not a good hotel make . although the lobby pool table was in heavy use by many of the swim teams in attendancennthings seemed pretty clean but the hallways smelled of carpet cleaner or something and the elevators are kinda creaky and you never know which one is coming.nngood pointsnbedbigger and more comfortable than my bed at homenlocationeasy to get to where we were  and other placesnfront desk received our packages and had them brought to our roomnnbad pointsnthe much maligned showersi dont much love the glass wallstand up scenario and the water temp was okay when i used it but i hated the shower head.nnmy main gripe was with the breakfast situationbreakfast was part of our room rate . the first two days we ate in the milano restaurant portion from a buffet . the buffet was okay although by day 4 if i was one of the coaches or swimmers staying at the hotel i would have been pretty  because it was sub par . we had vouchers for everyday including our fifth morning which was monday but there was no breakfast to be foundwhatever.nncharging for internetparkingnni would maybe stay here again if we were attending the swim meet but will definitely investigate other options .
__label__neg ok strike 2. we decided to go back to c4 after a 2 month absence due to poor service .  place so we definitely wanted to give them another chance . nnwell this morning the dining room door was locked not sure if they are serving in the dining area any more so we went to the cafe area . it was crowded a good sign after nearly 5 minutes in line i saw a woman and her child  as the place was under  and the wait went on and on . with no end near we decided to bail and give c4 a strike 2. nnits unfortunate as the food has always been  but someone  chef ramsay to come in and give them the  on service . nnwe will wait a few months before trying again . id much rather  to harolds or red truck cafe in the interm .
__label__neg horrible service  arrival . 6  tables and we were told it would be a   wait because the hostesses said they didnt want to overwhelm their servers . the three hostesses then went on to tell us the restaurant was so very  and we didnt understand even though we were staring at a restaurant with several empty tables . the hostesses were rude and condescending . one hostess then  on to say our  as year round arizonans didnt matter . no thank you outback well never visit again . oh and we easily spend over 1000 every year .
__label__pos i couldve easily given this place 5 stars but im trying and failing to be more  with my 5star ratings and because it took a  long time to get the check.nnthat being said i loved this place . we were visiting vegas from san francisco and were looking for a place to stop for lunch on our way to red rock . we were  to resign ourselves to some kind of crappy strip mall food ie  garden when we stumbled upon agave.nndespite the bright pink exterior and  mall location this place is definitely not chevys on the border or your typical suburban chain mexican joint . there were  flavors and ingredients nopales  pumpkin seeds etc and the decor was very impressive . plus the outdoor patio chairs were supercomfy.nni got the taco sampler with carne asada al pastor and carnitas and all  were delicious .
__label__neg i visited nolen kitchen midday on a weekday to  a 50 gift card for a friend of mine with a very sick child . wed taken up a collection and i went to 5 different restaurants for 5 different gift cards so they wouldnt have to worry about dinners.nnthe restaurant was empty when i showed up . i asked the hostess about getting a gift card . she  confused . she told me to go wait by the bar . so i waited while she asked someone else who gave her the name of someone who would have to get the gift card for me.nnturns out i had to wait for the manager to ring up the gift card and well they informed me he was in the bathroom.nni waited for ten minutes growing more and more impatient . all of the other restaurants were able to get me rung up and out  5 minutes and i didnt have a lot of time to spare as i was making purchases from two more restaurants after this one.nnthe manager came out all apologies for not being out sooner . i was  he didnt offer to shake my hand . then after making me wait a few minutes more he   and told mt their gift card system was down ... nnfifteen minutes for a manager to get out of the crapper and tell me that he couldnt take my 50 in exchange for a gift card . what an  joke and a bad one at that.nni was disappointed for my friend who apparently likes this backwards screwed up place but relieved that they didnt get any of our money that day . based on their ability to royally  up what was a five minute transaction at five other restaurants i wouldnt recommend daring them to actually cook and serve a meal .
__label__pos   place .     . during  semester time the  is always full and theres always a line but you dont have to stand in line for more than 5 minutes . the service is superfast . my favorite is grilled chicken with cheddar .
__label__pos this was probably the best indian food ive had in the us . we  in for a  lunch and  for the buffet and i am so glad that we did . nnthe curried fish was definitely my very  . i am not one for curried fish but i even had a third helping of the fish . it was that delicious . nnunfortunately i can not remember the  and did not make the effort to remember  that we tried however it was an experience that  me craving more .
__label__pos        on  we order all the sushi and it was all good maybe cause mgm comped the meal it taste bombnnwill come back comp or no comped..
__label__pos    i came here early afternoonnand  at the sushi bar i let the sushi chef suggest what to eatnand it was  and  nill be back for sure .
__label__neg    this location is extremely  around lunch . i came in with 6 of my coworkers on a thursday around 11am . there were probably  2 or 3 tables with people at the time . we were seated promptly and our orders were taken in a timely matter . it took a little over an hour for our food to arrive and 2 of the 7 dishes were ice cold . the cashier did remove the items from our bill which was nice . i dont want to be completely negative so i will say i ordered the mini chicken artichoke pizza which was  tasty . claim jumper is fine.. chain food huge portions . i would just avoid this  during  .
__label__pos i joined my family in north phoenix  at restaurant 28. as other reviewers have said the establishment is a bit small for  groups . the owners  the restaurant they were nice courteous and friendly . the food was made fresh to order and did have a bit of a wait but it was worth it . it was great to get my southern food kick from fried okra fried gizzards and hush puppies to collard greens and fried chicken . the bbq was flavorful and you can  the richness of the beef or pork that you were eating . even my nephew who is a really picky eater enjoyed their fresh fried catfish with sausage  so that is a big plus .  to say if you are in the  you should give this mom and pop restaurant a  . ill be back .
__label__neg  food       you  it.nnlets face it these meals in vegas suck.nnhotel lounges have mcdonalds subways rubios sbarros etc.ntheyre all ridiculously overpriced and not delicious.nnwichcraft is no different situated in the mgm i orderednnnroasted turkey sandwichnhot avocado and turkey sandwich with a ton of bacon.nnormally delicious however i just spent the entire day at wet republic consuming ridiculous amounts of alcohol enough to drown a horse so the bacon was so dehydrating.nnwhack sandwich save your time and head to earls
__label__pos  servicennnice  on menunnbig portionsnncompetitive pricesnngood food quality and tastenni love that they leave a water pitcher and coffee pot in the table.nnsometimes crowded but well worth the wait.nngreat location just south of old town scottsdale next to olive garden and red lobster .
__label__pos this place is very  as long as you are actively watching your dog . you need to be careful because some people are clueless . my first time there one guys husky jumped on me . im   i pushed the dog off and there was no correction from the owner . he stood there and just  it happen not even an im sorry . beware some owners lack  park ettiquette . be watchful and your  will be 
__label__pos my sister was  preggos with my nephew and we wanted to throw her a baby shower . after a few places falling through she mentioned a thai place that she had heard was good . enter pin kaow 2.nnthey were kind enough to provide us with a section over to the side of the restaurant that was covered with a little roof and up on a platform . 15 of us  comfortably at long tables . they  us put up some  for the shower as well as keeping our cake back in the fridge until we needed it . nnthe staff was very very attentive and extremely kind . not only that but they had a great sense of humor they put up with 15 silly ladies playing stupid baby shower games and taking over a  of their restaurant brilliantly nnwe ordered a little bit of everything and all i remember is that the little bit of everything was delicious i  their pad thai and im very particular about my pad thai and the other ladies all raved about the variety of things they ordered . nni just have to rave about their customer service . they really came through in a bind and went above and beyond the call . the restaurant has great ambience is extremely clean and just all around a pleasant experience .
__label__neg the food is great but the staff is horrible . me and my coworker used to go there at least once a week . we  at a   office and sometimes not all of us can leave the office to go pick up our food so we have one girl going all the time and well give her our i.d . as well but when we went to go pick up the food they wouldnt swipe the  because she wasnt present . its very inconvenient because we dont have time to go and just pick up food . we understand about identity theft but hello we  her all our drivers license and weve been  there at least once a week but not anymore after numerous times of horrible staff service we no  go here when we can go down the  and get better service
__label__neg  are the most  in the area for   movies .   needs some work  in the  .
__label__pos im not a regular at the movie theatres . but  the help this past friday afternoon . this movie  you think and feel what the characters were  .  an  award winner in my book.nnget there before 4pm to get matinee pricing of 7.50. i got the large soda with free refills for 5.75. it was so big that i didnt need a refill.nnplenty of dinning options for before and after the movie .
__label__neg if it was possible i would give this place zero stars actually negative stars . my family had hands down the worst service experience here we have ever had at any restaurant in az . the sad part is we had been coming to this place for several years now and even had my 30th birthday party with family and friends here last year . we have noticed the both the quality of the food and quality of the service has been severely declining recently . however tonights debacle takes the cake for all time worst experience ever . heres what happened ... nnwe arrive at 615 and get a table for 5 plus a highchair . we are seated  less than 5 minutes . server arrives sean soon after we sit down and gets water for the table . we had to wait a while for him to take our order because he disappeared for a bit ... maybe waited 15 min for him to come back . here is where things really start to go south ... so we are waiting and waiting and waiting ... at about 650 he comes out and says our food should arrive shortly . then 700 rolls around still no food . then the table next to us about 68 people i think that arrived a good 30 minutes or so after us gets their food . then another table that arrives after us gets their food too ... then a table of 4 that arrived literally 15 minutes ago gets their food . now we are thinking something is wrong with this picture . nnso we ask for our server he is no where to be found . so we wait ... and wait ... and wait ... again . when he does  up we ask for our food togo because we have been waiting over an hour at this point it was 720pm and we had no food and had to go because our baby was getting fussy . he takes my husbands credit card to charge us for our food and says he will bring it right back ... 10 minutes later ... still no food and no server to be found which means my husbands card has gone missing . nnin this time frame i had gone to the front to  with the manager with my mom to let her know what happened and to see if they could locate our server food and most importantly our credit card . the manager the sorry excuse for a manager that is arrives and is downright rude . she never apologizes and only says we are really swamped as i  around at half full rooms of people and say are you serious . we have been waiting well over an hour all of the tables around us have food the people that arrived 15 minutes ago next to us have their food . we want to leave and we want our card now . she disappears in the back and never returns . nnmeanwhile in the dining room ... my food arrives at 745pm and guess what ... they put it on flour tortillas even though i specifically asked for corn and said i can not have flour because of a gluten intolerance . my  noticed the mistake and asked the waiter are these flour my wife cant have flour we told you that . and the waiter sean says  yes but she can just scrape the food off and eat it without the tortilla . what you have to be kidding me so someone with an allergy should just scrape food off to eat it this is literally no joke ... the guy actually said scrape it off she will be fine nnwe then say we are leaving please give our card  ... and the waiter said he didnt charge it . we get home and check our account ... guess what they charged the card for food that arrived over an hour late was cold the wrong thing and most of all this waiter was so  to suggest scraping it off to eat it . the ignorance and lack of any fiber of customer service or common sense is baffling . nnsave yourself the hassle and go to a different place where the wait staff is helpful and the food is much better ... or even arrives at your table .
__label__neg i stopped going here for two reasonsnnthey stopped the  class with mimi solaire.nnher replacement was less than half as qualified and   to  to his mediocre singing . nnawful
__label__pos not your typical sushi joint for  hard sushi lovers but definitely worth  now   and tapas they have done a total remodel of this place . still the same  . now having 3 bars ... 1 sushi bar 1 sports bar and a  poker  . a must  is the lahaina roll godzilla roll and kalua pig egg rolls
__label__neg let me count the reasons i hate scottsdale ... .nn1 . generic plasticine parasitic pretentious people the  psn2 . old town probably the lamest place on earth and i have be to  il.n3 . manicured storm gutters yes they even clean the storm guttersn4 . unecessary road paving when the roads are completely finen5 . the weather i know scottsdale is to blame for the heat in the desert its the sun  off all the botox injected faces which increase the temperature beyond any tolerable levelnnenter djs of scottsdale . its divesque yes and almost trying a little to  to stand out in the midst of the ever present cheese that is old town . now if youre looking for a nonscottsdale experience leave scottsdale . go to phoenix or tempe or better yet just leave this state . i personally dont recommend anything in old town but if the devil came up to me and said you have one place to spend  in and it has to be in old town scottsdale what place will you choose id say to him lucifer tough call but ill take djsnnpoof of smoke ... . my eternal damnation has begun what to do what to do ... ..good thing they  guinness and have video golf .
__label__pos the food is pretty good i had some orange chicken and it was delicious the  pork rice is  the  and  soup not so much but im not really a soup  anyways . service was great food was ready quickly and the prices are  . this was my  time here and it wont be my last .
__label__pos  little gallery with lots of  art . admission is free and although im usually not a big fan of southwestern   i enjoyed looking at the various   and  . they also have an  selection of guns from the old west .
__label__pos  cocktails . chill environment . great  . clean venue.nncame here on a wednesday night after a friend came into town from la . the door is not that tricky to find if you have any common sense if you dont it will make for a funny  for those inside.nnthe menu contains a list of great cocktails and beers . i tried the summer sazzy and the girls had the links . overall the drinks were a bit strong but they  great the bartender was very nice and showed passion in creating the drinks.nnthere was a live dj playing super chill deep house my favorite which flowed perfectly with the environment.nnoverall this  gets 5 stars and i will for sure be going back again in the near future.nncheers
__label__neg i like the open areas outside  of a wraparound  but other than that theres really no point . the food is quite awful . the  hour specials are soso . the drinks are bleh . but i do  the live music . and the bartenders can be friendly on the right  at the right time . so um sit outside near the front entrance get a  and  the live music and fremont st. peoplewatching .
__label__neg  here with out of  guest so not my choice but we were hanging out  . when i first entered up the stairs i thought we were at hennesseys so i find the set up a little confusing but apparently all the food comes from the same kitchen  . i did not see the bill breakdown because my boyfriend paid but 20 for nachos and two  drinks . the  were priced at 11.95 so i guess a diet coke is about 3. they could have used a few more chips to make the ratio of chips to toppings more proportionate . also not a fan of leaving cash for the bill and the waitress not bringing back change . its just not cool to assume the  overage is the tip .
__label__pos this place is fantastic everything i have had is simply delicious and i literally wake up some  craving their  black cod sun roll and salmon the gf bf and i  cant get enough yasu that just writing this makes me want to go there for dinner tonightnndont  to try the whole  i already mentioned plus the eggplant either  it is prepared live  if they have it the jidori skewers kumomoto oysters and the black snapper nnseriously amazing
__label__neg only once . never again . although the food  great i   min after my entire family  their meals . the  even took their plates before i ate . when my dish finally  it took all of  seconds to finish . smallest most  dinner i have ever had .
__label__pos i have to lawyer up a little early in my review this time ... httptinyurl.com4julqgnndo you miss the simple twisted genius of warren zevon toonnat any rate to fully disclose i know the owner of wcg personally and businessally ... youll just have to trust me when i tell you that this didnt shade my review ... in fact quite the opposite ... i have been sitting on this for a while ... trying to figure out how write this without sounding like a shillnnthen i thought well donald everyone is still entitled to my own opinion so here we gonnwcg is one of my favorite places in the greater phoenix area for a number of reasonsnn the menu is so varied creative and well executed ... everything from the mesquite grilled artichokes to the roasted chicken to the filet mignon cobb salad and my favorite the maytag burger more about that in a minute is well prepared and deliciousnn the service has always been first rate and i have to say that i expected that when the server is aware that i am friends with bobby but there are  of people there that dont  me from tyler florence and we still get great servicenn extraordinary care in the preparation of the food from the grinding of the beef for my burger to the grilling of the artichokes and the construction of the puff pastry crust apple pie for desert ... they pay incredible attention to detailnn the atmosphere and ambience remind me and not by accident of one of my northern california favorites the rutherford grill ... all cherry tones leather and soft lighting ... it always puts me in a great mood and compels me to eat more than i shouldnntoday was no different ... the beautiful  and i stopped in for a lunch meeting to discuss our business our branding goal setting for the company is world  within 48 months too lofty a goal and what not i set foot in this northern california inspired place and i start to sound like ahnold again and so forth.nnfor my lunch i had one of the best burgers in town ... the maytag burger ... they grind the meat on the premises daily fresh ... no kiddingnnfor the maytag portion of this earthly delight they bake and crumble the bacon into the maytag bleu cheese notice my fancy french spelling there ... merci and form it into a disk of cheese and bacon that they drop onto the burger a few seconds before its done and voila ... the best baconbleu cheese burger around ... bacon and cheese in every bite ... geniusnncarin has her favorites too ... the filet mignon cobb salad is one as is the spit roasted chicken and some of the best crab cakes youll find west of baltimore.nni smile every time i walk into  ... i smile even more and i usually burp a  too when i walk out after another great mealnnbut dont take my word for it another  to end my review on the right note ... go see for yourself ... and try the apple pie ... youll be happy you did and quite possibly  in delight as well .
__label__neg just dont bother ... nnhad dinner here last night for my birthday because apparently several of my husbands  highly recommended this place . im not sure what food theyre used to that they consider this good but i certainly did not . the highlight of our meal was the appetizer and the vegetable of the day . other than that it was barely edible . nnstarting with drinks i had a pear martini and hubby had a long island iced tea . the martini was thick and excessively sweet . tasted like cheap pancake syrup . the long island was standard nothing great but not bad . though i would suggest a different glass or maybe a different colored straw because halfway through our  someone walked by not our waiter and topped it off with regular iced tea before we could even say anything.nnfor an appetizer we ordered the shrimp cocktail . id say this is pretty hard to mess up but what made it really great were the sauces . it came with cocktail sauce as well as a jalapeu00f1o sauce . they were both  i assumed they were made in house but i guess its quite possible that the 1 thing we liked wasnt even made in the restaurant . nnfor dinner i ordered scallops not on the menu they were a special with the vegetable of the day and hubby had the bbq trio with fries . nnmy scallops were awful . they came atop a lemon beurre blanc . both the sauce and the scallops were cold they were missing the beautiful sear that i expect to see on scallops and they were undercooked still slimy in the middle . the vegetable of the day was a corn salad . that was the only good thing on the plate . it had corn tomatoes zucchini and queso fresco and it was delicious . i plan to make it at home.nnhubbys bbq trio was nothing special . it had pulled pork ribs and rotisserie chicken . the meats were cooked well the problem was the bbq sauce was sugary sweet . not really to our liking . the side of fries was the worst part of the dish . the  touts fresh cut fries well let me tell you what we got was a soggy greasy pile of junk . they didnt even look appetizing . i wish i had gotten a picture of them just to see how many  might actually be willing to eat them . im sure not many . nnas far as decor goes if youve ever been in a firebirds youve seen the inside of this place . everything from the dark wood to the open kitchen to the backlit liquor bottles at the bar . its all the same . and the food at firebirds is much better . nnthe one positive i can speak to and the only reason for giving 2  instead of 1 was the service . we had a reservation and we were seated very quickly  though we arrived 20 mins early . and our waiter was very attentive and friendly . nnunfortunately the food was so bad i dont expect to ever be back .
__label__neg my husband and i stopped in for  . we live nearby but had never tried it before . first off i thought the place had a nice ambiance and was decorated well . the menu seemed a little limited and pricey but i chalked the  of variety up to the fact that it was lunchtime . we ordered the jalapeno appetizer and waited for at least 15 minutes for someone to take the rest of our order . in the meantime i did hear the only other tabletop at that time complain that they had been brought the wrong burger . we  what should have been a warning and  our order anyways . my husband ordered the texas dip which was ok but pretty much on par with a dip sandwich at arbys . i ordered the wedge salad and dr pepper steak tacos . the  salad was brought out and by the time it was corrected of course our entrees were done as well . i sent the salad back not just because the entree was done but because it was one of the saddest excuses for a wedge salad i had ever seen . the steak tacos were overdone and just strange . the only reason i am giving this place two stars  of one is because the  did come out and speak with us and take care of the situation .  i doubt we will be back .
__label__neg while in phoenix for a  weekend i read here on yelp that i just couldnt miss made . well i checked the website for store hours and planned  . we were staying in scottsdale so planned to hit up downtown phoenix and the boutique on monday before heading back to san diego . nnthe website said it opened at noon on mondays so we took our time getting breakfast and wandering about which was neat since the neighborhood around the boutique is really interesting and has lots of great urban decay and murals and other funky little storefronts . nnwell noon rolls around and they havent opened yet . 1215  and no sign of life so i  the number on the website . the recording says they open at 11 on mondays which made us wonder even more . so eventually we wander up to the door and see a tiny little note that  january hours wednesdaywhatever . so needless to say we were a bit irritated once we finally got on the road without having seen the inside of the place.nnthe website and phone message didnt even match each other but youd think if you wanted customers to come to your  during business hours youd update at least one of them to let people know you werent open half of the week that particular month . nni give it 2 stars because what i could see through the window looked promising but the lack of  dissemination was really disappointing .
__label__neg maybe i should have gone to wolfgang without such high  that way i wouldnt have to be so disappointed but unfortunately i didnt do that . nni was disappointed . nni had a lemon drop to drink . weak . for  bucks it was not worth it . didnt do much for me and the sad part is that im a total weak sauce . nnthen we started off with the crab cakes . they serve 4 mini crab cakes about the size of fifty cent coin . it was pretty good . it was topped with a tomato relish that lighten up the crab cakes . they were pan fried so they were as heavy to begin w anyways . they were small but that was expected . nni had the tomato basil and mozzarella pizza .  known as the margherita which would have been a much simpler name when it came to ordering purposes but i guess the former is much fancier who knows . but the pizza was good . but  always is . simple ingredients . cant really mess it up . the bf had the fish of the day which happened to be halibut . it had to be the smallest portion ever with no sides . it had a sweet corn  under it and nothing else for 30 bucks soo not worth it . nni dont think you get much of an experience from wolfgang so i cant say even if the food is cruddy that youd have fun . but if you really must try it then i guess theres no stopping you .
__label__pos amazing gnocchi amazing  and sea  amazing chocolate souffle . get the truffled chips ...  . nyeah wolfgang puck has overexpanded but he neverh as  me ...  his fast food express  . the server was sooo funny and  . the decor is simple but u forget everything when u just taste their food .  worth it
__label__pos a  prefix lunchnthe   was wonderful and the salmon was 
__label__pos stopped by here late night to get  out . i was starving but wanted to get straight to bed . ordered the burger medium and it was fantastic . thick patty garlic  and melted cheese not  what  . and the fries were perfect . once the staff realized we had just gotten  hence the wedding dress they tossed in free  . the oatmeal cookies were some of the best ive ever had . not a cheap late night eat but well  it
__label__pos been to this location for this chain on multiple occasions and we havent had a bad experience yet . on the  visit we met up with a couple of  for a fun dinner double date . we were seated right away occasionally there is a wait but they usually move through it pretty quickly and taken to a table outside as requested . the  seating is nice if the weather is right and you enjoy the fresh  while dining . nnhad the hummus  which is tasty and only around 45 with several slices of pita bread . for food we both had burgers which were  to order and tasted fresh . we shared the smores brownie dessert with our dinner dates and it was more than enough for everyone to have a bit . its a place we will definitely return to .
__label__pos im a sucker for vip treatment ... even if it only means i get to have access to elevators that not everyone gets to ride . the fact that i had a special card to activate them made it even better . add to that the two girls who  me to let them ride down to the lobby with me one morning . actually i would have  that last one more if i were a guy ... or bisexual . oh well.nnvip elevators aside the decor and ambiance of this hotel is peaceful and lush .  for las vegas . my hotel room felt like an oasis in the  . the orange brown and green tones were calming . the large flat screen tv and marbled bathroom were luxurious . the bed was plush . the mini bar was ... fun . it included unusual items  an intimacy kit as well as a throwaway camera.nnthe restaurants and dining overall were also great . i was impressed that hachi has a sake sommelier . try the sparkling blueberry sake . it is sneaky evil and highly alcoholic.nnmost of all the lack of a casino feeling was nice . the hotel was a  . the casino had to be sought out .  the swanky pools bowling alley complete with 80s videos and movie theatre give this resort an a in my book .
__label__pos great  kids club was   and my kids had a terrific time . did not  here but had a   and would definitely look into  a  .
__label__pos im torn with this place because i love it so much but dislike it for certain things so im going to  positive because the things i dont like can be a  thing about the music they allow in there nnit has a hell a lot of beers nit has a  selection of  nit has no food but who need food when youve  before going to the lost leaf nthe music is a hit and miss nsome days a very kool unique style and other days not good nnand i think this is why i sometimes have a problem with the music is because with all the great   out in  it should be easier to play this place but it isnt ...
__label__neg this is now a  bar  a hot   out front on the  . marinos  camillo or something  that . very small parking  but the only bar in the neighborhood
__label__pos sometimes having pizza and wings delivered to your doorstep is the  dinner . last night was one of those nights . the last time we had pizza was at  pizzas new location on boulder highway so this time we decided to order from rosatis . nnwe decided to go with a large two topping pizza and a dozen wings . i always order the wings extra crispy from rosatis and they turn out delicious . even with the 3 delivery fee our total with tax but before tip was under 30. yes you can get cheaper pizzas . doesnt make them better ... nnwhen i placed my order the girl on the phone already  my address based on the  that popped up on their caller id . i love when businesses have this system in place . i was told my food would be to me  the  . it took  minutes . i love when business beat their deadlines toonnrosatis also has a program where you can save a piece of the pizza box and after you get 12 you get 50 off your 13th pizza . only downside to the program is that it does not apply to delivery .
__label__pos deep fried oreos for .99 cents    for 2. i always stay on the main strip but i make it a point to stop by mermaids for some deep fried oreos on all my vegas trips.nnthey only have slots and the people who work in the casino are really nice . i dont gamble much here but i do love to eat.nntry the    on your next trip to vegas and please mermaids keep them at n.99  .
__label__pos my friends and i hit up the gelato spot on my  visit to scottsdale and what a perfect way to end the daynni was  between one and two flavors one being  and two being  scoopsmedium and i finally chose medium because i couldnt pick just one flavor calories be damned i really enjoyed my  almond and coconut . yum . it came with a long cookie which was a nice touch . nnyouve got ta  what you want when you get up there . those ladies like to keep the line  theyll let you taste flavors but theyll help the next person in line while youre deciding .
__label__pos  good stuff here . was in  for the  and stumbled upon the  spot and it was just what i was  for  at  . not cheap but very very  .
__label__pos  servicenngreat food.nntry the   911 if you like spicynnhappy hour is at its best 10pm2am.. they also have an earlier happy hour at an earlier time.nnbeen here 34 times
__label__pos  and fresh  .     and  staff . our server let us know about some  snapper and toro that had just arrived . excellent .
__label__neg i loved your hummus ... ni loved your pita breadni somewhat liked my spinach casserole nbut your service needs a lot of help.nn1 . my greyhound was served in a glass with dirt.n2 . there were  of us at a table . 2 of my companions got their shish kebab 10 minutes before my friend and i got our meals . n3 . our server actually said is there anything else you need before i go on my break 9pm on a saturday night no less you get breaksnni guess there was also supposed to be a tarot card  that they advertise but she hasnt  up in threefour weeks . think she is  coming nnat least i was with awesome and intelligent people that made my time there a  of fun ... so i wasnt bitter last night . even if i was seated hunched over . the seating is not good for the back . wished i was in the room with the belly dancing she could have least came into the other room where most people were dining . my friend was a little upset over that .
__label__neg one day i was pimpin down di with a bitch who just done odd on some d and whipped my  into this ogre slit of an establishment . my tale is short but has a decent girth 4 last time i checked in the home depot checkout line on what was coincidentally the last time i was allowed in a  depot . some romanian ass in a bumblebee coupe porsche was servin up some mean joe at a  that allowed the  to dj as long as they wanted to play gorillaz or radiohead . nni cant bring an outside drink how am i supposed to sip down some lean while im playing mafia in the  line how am i supposed to  that sweet pineapple juice jizz  for the honey i bang in the pulp fiction bathroom if you want better coffee take a shit in a cup and ask for a free refill at the nearby robertos . you wont be disappointed unlike if you  here looking for anything but some wack ass scene kids lookin like they high as a kite and just dropped they asses out the womb of 2007 .
__label__pos had a  lunch with my  . the scallop  is to die for sushiwa is one of my favorite  to lunch in   ... .it is so relaxing and the staff is friendly . the sushi chefs are  
__label__pos pretty good market considering that most buy from the  grocery chains phoenix is a   . maya farms is one of my favs.. not only do they carry more exotic vegetables romanesca but they  added save our farm raw milk thats worth the  alone nnif only the  bakers and such would join the scene.. wheres willo tammie coe and  bread the market is only as strong as the people  to participate in it .
__label__neg i just went to havana grill for the first time and sadly it will be my last . i did not personally get to order any of their food off of the menu however i did  to try their free bread they give you before your meal is delivered and i have to say that was tasty . i  ordered their passion mojito and that was good albeit pricey . nnmy bad experience was with the staff of the restaurant . we were in a semilarge group of people sitting on the  ordering lots of  food and alcohol . apparentely there was an incident up front with one person of our group who wouldnt  his hat around and they kicked him out . we had no idea that incident took place and the general manager stormed back to our table and told us to all leave . we were treated so horribly and were being screamed at by the gm can you  embarrasing and we had no clue what was even  on . we had to leave that second with our drink  full food still on our plate and still had to pay our bills with the 18 gratuity conveniently tacked on the check . nni have filed a complaint with the owner and will never step foot in there again . if you are brave enough to give it a shot then i can only hope your experience is better than mine . such a disappointment ...
__label__pos  place solid food with 12 price apps from 37 and 10close  .   thursdaysunday starting at 9ish till close . all you can eat fish fry  or perch on fridays 10.95. great staff and very attentive service . big patio but tends to be smokey . tons of  with sports programming . free wifi . daily drink and food specials . tuesday is 12 price wings and 2.50 monster 25oz domestic drafts . family friendly .
__label__pos another  to  and   to   .   new to report . service was friendly attentive and quick while the soup chicken stew and sandwich mediterranean veggie were excellent as usual . one of these days ill try the salad but in crisp but not actually cold autumn weather their delicious soup is an awesome way to warm up .
__label__neg i was really disappointed . i had heard so many nice things . my friend suggested the turkey sandwich on three cheese bread . it was horrible ... soggy bread barely any meat a half  of bacon and one slice of yellow  . after each eating a  of our sandwiches we told the manager that we were really disappointed ... he  offered to remake . he brought us each a 12 of a sandwich really cheap ass . but it was no better . and he  came back to see if we liked . so we left them.nnit was also  30 for two sandwiches and two large drinks . again reallynni hear the  is great . will have to  to that if i return .
__label__neg our daughter was recently in a hospice care home and is under the carenof hospice . we made the mistake of  close to a year ago . theyndid not have their line buried or even in  so our line was cut leaving us with no  cable or internet . called and reported before 830 a.m. recalled again at 410 as no one had come to repair . was advised it  not be until the next day . i explained our daughters situation and drs and nurses may need to  us and it was a medical emergency . i was advised it was not a medical emergency because our daughter was currently not in our home our daughter is dying and thats apparently no  emergency to cox . also bills are going up each month even  we are in a contract . two things dont bundle as you lose everything when a line is cutand stay  from cox
__label__neg the cheesecake is good and the   to be friendly but the food definitely leaves a lot to be  . ive had several entru00e9es and appetizers here and not been  by any of them . id  recommend avoiding the nachosnnthat  its a decent place to go late  for dessert .
__label__pos great  great  of   and   .   and bridget slainte
__label__neg im sure the food would be better if they had more professional employees . i used to be a regular now i hardly step in . the best times were when mike and sherman ran the bar . mike is  of the most professional upbeat positive employees that ever worked there .  things changed and the old miserable bartenders were back in place of mike . im sorry but ofelia is a bitter old miserable person and she is extremely rude and she is slow . omar has no personality and is boring . now ive been coming here a long time on a regular basis but over the last couple of months this place has deteriorated the quality of the  is not what it used to be and more over just the public display of unprofessionalism of the staff . i witnessed two female employees argue and call each other a btch in the dining area . the employees openly talk bad about each other in front of customers . i was in the bar once and ofelia referred to sherman in a derogatory racial slur as he  away from the bar  . ive  witnessed such unethical business practices in a dining establishment . the majority of your staff is extremely unprofessional . your restaurant wouldnt survive a day in the real corporate world with the level of unethical behavior that occurs there . i stopped by today and i asked to sit on my regular section with mike i was told by your hostess that mike no longer worked there that he was fired . not only should that information be confidential from a human resources perspective but the smile on your hostess face sealed my decision to not come to your establishment again . i  around and  . i have hosted numerous business functions there and now i will be hosting them at other places . i think your staff needs a complete overhaul starting with your management . a business is only as good as the management hired to run it and im sorry to say you suck at it .
__label__neg i lived in japan for about  years so anytime i  reminiscent of those drunken 4am nights i  here . not really so much like the ones in japan though . and i didnt think  was  of the better gyudon places in japan anyways . nnthey should add japanese  to their menu . i also wish they offered white meat chicken too . i also agree with the weirdness of the  color . i dont know why its got ta be so  yellow . just go to ichiza instead .
__label__neg i hate to give this place a 1 star.. for the effort of staying open 24hrs it atleast deserves 2 stars . but the service there is so horrible ... i seriously could not do it . i witnessed something so irresponsible happened at this restaurant that couldve gotten it into some major trouble if i wanted to complain about it . so instead of going straight to the health district im just going to let people who care enough to  time and read reviews about what they eat before they eat it know so that they can beware in the future . nnthe other night at 4am i went to eat there with my boyfriend . we were around the area and decided to eat korean food since that place was opened all night and had 20 off everything on the menu until 8am . on first impression walking in the place seemed clean and spacious with about three booths occupied at that time . the place itself is rather larger than most korean restaurants had a cozy feel to it and sits about 60 people . it was bright with light and seemed suitable for late night gatherings with friends . but that was about it on the plus side of our experience.nnthe only waitress working there did not greet us immediately because she was too busy finishing up the spoon she was drying in her hands before getting to us . she was unfriendly did not speak understandable english and looked as if she was pissed off because we had walked in and now she had more work to do . she sat us down at the table and i saw her immediately go back to finishing up her spoons . she didnt get us water or anything right away . i know most places thats considered bad service but i wasnt that picky to  about it at that time.the menu itself was similar to most korean places . it had tofu soup bbq and combination plates . nothing too out of the ordinary however the price was about 5 more expensive than most places like tofu hut and mr. tofu . we got the combo with seafood tofu soup and korean ribs to share and ordered an extra side of rice for 2. she did not bring our drinks out until we got our side dishes . when we ordered the soup she didnt ask us about our preferred spice levels and didnt even bother to make eye contact with us or let us know she got the ordered . all she did was write it down said nothing looking away and walked off leaving us kind of dumbfounded . nnthe side  were very skimpy for 2 people . i understood we only ordered 1 thing but it was a combination that is close to 16 with 2 extra for rice . she didnt care to accommodate the platings for the party at all even when it was complimentary . the soup itself came out boiling but with dried soup spilled on the side of the clay pot . no one bothered to wipe it off . it wasnt like there was a  amount you could tell a lot of the soup was spilled on the side . the soup itself tasted good however . i enjoyed the taste greatly but to be honest it was the same as every other korean resturaunt . nothing that left a big  . i noticed for the price they charged our shrimp in the seafood was baby shrimp and very very tiny . when our ribs came out at last the  pretty much came out one at a time there was 6 pieces of ribs and looked very dry . what do you know it was . the ribs itself was not marinated well enough there was that sesame oil taste and slightly sweet.. but that was pretty much it for the ribs . i did not  the ribs at all . nnthere was 2 people sitting next to us drinking the whole night we were there . on many occasions i noticed the waitress came over and talk to them and kept on standing there talking to them in korean . she payed every attention to that table and pretty much left us in a corner the whole night . she never bothered to refill our drinks or clean the table that left right when we got there across from us . it was dirty the whole night we were there . she even watched tv and talked to the cook instead of cleaning the table . nnokay so are you ready for this one of the guys who were drinking was talking to her before we finished our food . he took out a cigarette and lit it up smoking in front of our waitress . she did nothing and continued talking to him in korean . the other guy smoked afterwards and they both pretty much smoked in the restaurant with us eating a booth away from them . my boyfriend and i were speechless . they ignored us and kept smoking . at one point one of the guys got up and with smoke in hand walked across the restaurant to the restroom hallway . i could not believe how irresponsible this waitress was being . if that was being allowed in the main lobby area i wonder what goes on in the kitchen where they prepare our foods . ive gone to bars and karaoke lounges where they served food and let  use cups as ash trays . but that was different than an actual dine in restaurant such as this . its like management letting you smoke inside a cheesecake factory . i could not believe it . this place is so corrupted .
__label__neg i got on  to see some korean bbq in the area and saw close to 4  so tried it out but wont be coming back . the food basically sucks compared to any of the spots in la except for this 1 place unfortunately i forgot the name .. lol . the service was ok but ive had better in  less expensive restaurants .  yea .. i spent about the same amount of money as i would at 5 star  in la . on the good side the waitress gave us  off our bill for some reason . nim not  if vegas has a good korean bbq spot but i know for a fact the vietnamese joints are as  as in la . nnoh ya ... this place is open 247 .
__label__pos best place here in  fornrunningnwalkingnbbqnfishingnbikingnskatingnreviewingnor just chillinnnthe place has a library near it . grab a nice book and read it in the park  the lake where ducks are floating all over it . theres plebty of shades a place for kids to play alot of spot to fish a huge parking  . theres nothing more to add thus place is one of the scenic park here in phx . hands downnnnp.s  you get go  bring  to drink the whole place is almost 2 miles . it also have a island where u it goes full circle . other than that come and enjoy this great 
__label__pos quite  the  that i am a fan is that they have a lot of pool tables they offer free pool on  nights and the bartenders male or  are always awesome .  i  this humongous beer for 2.50 during  hour with my pt  . or free if playing 5 quarters . can one really beat this okay maybe but i still love this location of the pts . the food is okay but what do you expect its a bar .
__label__pos yesterday was my third visit to pink pepper and while it deserves praise in many respects there is definite room for  . my first impression of the restaurant was a dinner experience that went off with out a hitch.nnthe second time i went we  up choosing to go  else . despite arriving at 515p for dinner the doors remained locked with no one to be found advertised open for dinner at 430p . ive noticed this seems to be a perpetual problem here because when i arrived for lunch at 1100a yesterday the doors were similarly locked . i decided to wait to see how long it would  and sadly no one appeared at the doors until almost 1120a.nni was perhaps more disappointed by the discovery that the buffet is the only option for lunch .  if you want to order an entru00e9e from the menu you can not .nnthat said there is no denying the quality of the food . the buffet was fantastic and the crispy chicken in cream  the dish i would have ordered given the opportunity is nothing short of to die for . coupled with the fantastic service i can always expect once im  seated i am certain i will be back .
__label__neg gross rehab is the only place in vegas in which you will never ever wait in a bathroom line ... .huh..wonder why..could all the drunk people be  in the pool bet they are nnbeautiful pool and great  but dont imagine going unless you are near black out and get there early unless you want to hide your stuff in a  with about 200 other   . nnplaying  in the pool pretty   tho and bars everywhere
__label__pos i went to the pub on a  night to celebrate a friends birthday . nnwe went at 900 for the dueling pianos and the place was alive and spirited . everyone seemed to be having a good  . the  even sang my friend a naughty birthday song which we all got a kick out of . nnthe pub offers a good selection of beers and the  are pretty reasonable for a bar on the strip . they also have good locals deals which i always  . nnwe didnt order entrees so i cant comment on the meal quality but we did order chips and salsa for the table . frankly we were unimpressed with what we  bland slightly stale chips and equally  salsa . nnthe place was fun so id definitely go back . i just wouldnt do the chips and  again .
__label__pos  for a   great   food    . we hadnt been there in a long time but we will definitely go back soonnnlove the chocolate souffle the ahi the ono the salads ... you name it
__label__pos      .   its  the job done.nnwarning the 911 roll is crazy hot . seriously spicy .
__label__neg 1042013   fridayn8  in the restaurant . was placed at a table and immediately noticed the table was filthy look around and others in the same shape . not dishes food residue on the table . ask busboy to clean uses a very wet cloth a couple of swipes and leaves the table wet . mad because he had to do his job . ordered calamari fish was not cooked . ordered sashimi dinner salmon was very old tried to cover it up with lemon slices . while i was eating the chef started some fish in the salamander about two minutes then was told wrong order so he pulled out laid it on the back counter . a little later chef put it back in salamander and served it to someone else . there is food on walls food on chairs fish not stored at proper temperatures . pre made starters wrapped in saran wrap about ten out in the open on the back of counter . i was up half the night with bowl problems . nthe worst thing about this experience i have been going there since it opened . this owner takes but doesnt put anything back into the business . it is very popular but someone is going to get very sick.ncity and county food inspectors need to come inspect now .
__label__neg i refuse to go to lvac hahaha . why you ask because they advertise that women join free how lame . its just a gym not a nightclub . im there to workout not pick up on women . thats the only reason i would think why youd encourage  to join.nnbesides that lvac is only in   . if you travel a lot or plan to then what would be the point of  all that money on a membership you can only use in vegas.nni did give it one  as i do  the fact there there is an indoor track at the 215 and eastern one . thats all you   lvac . hahaha
__label__pos this is my favorite  to  a  training game . maybe its because i remember watching the firebirds play here and well the  are cheap . i even get a 24 discount with my credit union debit card . nnthey sell nathans hot dogs  they also have margaritas and  cones . you cant go wrong with either . nnthe  here are amazing although trying to get into the parking lot sucks . great location . not too  from tempe or south scottsdale .
__label__pos    well like most    ... ate there three times last week . my colleague claims and i quote the best dry rye toast ever ... .not sure where he regularly eats toastnnhoever i ate a couple of omelettes and both excelled as did the hash browns and the toast . they have great specials like all you can eat pancakes steak and eggs for 4 bucks as  as dailys  chicken pot piennmarilyns is a great find ... open 24 hours
__label__pos i  enjoyed my  here . the entire property is very hip and comfy . the rooms are large with  decor . the restaurant cafe zuzu serves great food and drinks . the pool is fabu . and the spa is a the perfect spot to be pampered  for  guys . the location is  a plus close to downtown and the arts  . i recommend this hotel and look forward to my next stay.nnthe hotel valley ho is a gayfriendly tag  property .
__label__neg coulda shoulda been a better meal ... i was there about a  ago and left with  a bad taste in my  a garlic overload that unfortunately lingered . i had the grilled veggies and fish shish kabob . the veggies were ok but i was  confused by the large ungrilled huh slab of tasteless could not have been localripe tomato . the kabob had potential but of the three  of fish one was undercooked my appetite kinda vanished when i  it and all mystery fish salmon and swordfish were  on top on an excessively garlic sauce . lacking a toothbrush mints and gum were defeated against its hercules strength . n my date had the shrimp with romescu sauce was ok with it . nothing was terrific and some parts fell short of even kinda good ... nservice was decent but for a quiet week night a little more effort should have been made . plus the host lacked warmth nsorry but not worth the effort to try again ... too bad ...
__label__pos chunky spicy tuna roll5 starsnni can tell you after living in japan for five years that sushi ken is right up there with all my favorite sushi restaurants in japan . sushi ken is comparable to all the cozy mom and pop shops in japan who i consider to all be 4 and 5 star ratings . nn ive visited sushi ken numerous times  on friday or   and its often busy but if your patient enough to wait a few minutes or so then youll be glad you did because the culinary experience youre about to encounter is out of this world . nnone particular item on the menu that fits my out of this world category is the chunky spicy tuna roll . this is by far my most favorite roll in all of phoenix . ive had spicy tuna roll at sakana ra  grill sakitini ichi ban kabuki ... i could go on and on but no one elses spicy tuna roll even comes close to sushi kens chunky spicy tuna roll . so if you dont want to go on and on and just want to find a great place for spicy tuna roll withnn generous 8 piece portionsn fresh tuna n soft ricen sushi kens own hot spice n tasty seaweedn  smelt row n extra wasabi and ginger on the siden reasonable and affordable cost of 8.75nn then look no further because sushi ken will provide you with all those criterias . n aside from sushi  having great chunky spicy tuna roll they also have friendly staff nice atmosphere and many sushi and nonsushi items on the menu to choose from for those who are not into sushi and all at an affordable price that wont break your  . oh yeah youll also  complimentary miso soup and edamame . you cant beat that
__label__pos we live in   and drive all the way to sushi ken for the best tasting tempura udon and  rolls . my kids  love their   this place reminds me of the japanese  we used to go to when we  in san jose ca .
__label__pos i absolutely loved this restaurant .  food awesome ambience and great  service . nni had the spicy bananna pepper appetizer stuffed with italian sausage and  . topped with sauce and served with a side of  italian bread . very good . a little spicy but really good.nnfor dinner had the tortellini and loved it .  ive ever had . im going to try to  this dish . so good.nnoverall very good place and id recommend to anyone  vegas and willing to drive off the strip a bit .
__label__neg i think capos deserves a 2.5 because of originality but since the stars wont allow and due to a bigtime let down and poor quality ill round down.nnmy dad was in town for his 60th birthday and he wanted italian food for a less than outrageous price . we can be pretty picky with italian food considering we are italian and the fact that we come from where italian food is actually good nyphillynj . he suggested maggianos because we know to expect good quality . i didnt want to take him to a chain though i wanted him to have something he could only get in vegas so i did my homework on yelp and capos seemed like the right choice . a choice i ended up regretting.nnno horror stories here but as you will read the service and food quality just werent there the only thing good was the atmosphere.nnupon arrival the entry and speakeasy theme was pretty cool . would have been cooler without a sign that said  cards were currently not accepted cash only . but still pretty cool.ninside the very dark environment with mafia decor and old italian resaurante style kept me looking around . and an the old vegas style lounge singer was belting out the  hits in a voice slightly better than my own this is not a compliment to my voice.nnfrom here it just goes down hill.nnthere was a half hour wait even though an entire room of tables was wide open not being used . i didnt realize wed need a reso being it was a tues night during the offseason and the place being in a hole in the wall off the beaten path . perhaps this was still my fault.nnthe service was bad . friendly enough  . but we didnt get the water we asked for and even after ordering we never got a basket of bread until such a long time went by that we waved down the waitress and begged for bread and water . then the bread came and had i not been starving i would have tossed it in the garbage . this was possibly the worst bread i have ever tasted . is it possible for  to be that bad apparently it is . not just bad but terribly stale . i gobbled up the chewy stale  anyway because i was so hungry from waiting nearly ripping out teeth in the process.nnthe main  eventually came and it was all subpar . edible yes . in an olive garden quality kind of way maybe a bit worse . the fettuccine alfredo seemed like it was straight outta the tv dinner box . the added shrimp were a nice size.nnmy dad got raviolis in a red sauce with meatballs . again just edible . especially since we were starving . but a very generic taste all around . i honestly felt embarrassed that i brought my pop to eat this.nnthis is not a true italian place . it is a gimmicky eatery that makes it on its speakeasy theme atmosphere . if you have ever had real italian food the taste of this food will be a total let down .
__label__pos best grocery story in arizona . all the  is high  and very affordable . i  of it an ajs  foods at half the price . and the  with avocado and cheese for 3.50 is the best sandwich in  . id take over a steak or  no question .
__label__neg frys    .  and    on top of selling very poor quality products and bogus warranties.ni bought an emachine desktop for 300 for my son to do his homework . a few months later it crashes and i bring it back because i purchased a warranty with the computer . i am told by the technician that if it is a software problem the warranty doesnt cover it and i will have to pay an additional 59 to reinstall windows . nthey call me today and tell me i have to pay a 70 diagnostic fee plus 100 to reinstall windows.n total 170 to reinstall windows .
__label__neg unfortunately my rancor at this  prevents me from trying to put any humor into this review . in short my 2.75 ceviche tostada was overwhelmingly saturated with limes and ridiculously soggy . when asked about their best soup i was told to get their caldo de  which was a 7 admittedly large  filled cabbage carrots and literally 4 pieces of tough thumbnail sized  . i tried to give the evil eye to the server as i  but he couldnt summon the courage and kept  at his popcorn machine turned into  dispenser . look me in the eye when you lie to me damn you . ugh .  . fury rage .
__label__neg the bagels are okay some are actually tasty.nnthe schmear flavored cream cheese is way too sweat for me.nnthe coffee is some of the worst ive ever drank . extremely watery even the dark roast tainted with  flavors and too expensive.nntheir sandwiches are   toppings and not very satisfying.nnand if it  like you are walking towards unlv your car might get towed by the property owners although i havent seen this happen lately.nnthey like to put darn good on everything but i just  darn .
__label__neg i have been to pf changs many times and the food was quite good . me and my   there recently and i feel that their quality has  down . we ordered vegetable dumplings and it was very  . we could hardly find any  inside . we also  vegetable fried rice and it was just  .
__label__pos we went in around noon . but they let us to order breakfast because we told them we were craving breakfast . my mom and i ordered tableau breakfast . it came with a basket of pastry which tasted like just coming out of oven . i chose sausages with my eggs . the sausages were really tasted . best sausages i ever had in u.s. the scamble eggs were just normal but the portion was huge . i didnt finish my eggs . the hash brown was not your normal hash brown ... .but in a good  ... ..it  like small cakes and the  of them were really special and very delicated . i think its not easy to make a plain old hash brown taste delicated . but the best part came after i asked for ketchup for my hash brown . i was expecting a bottle of heins ketchup ... .but no ... .they gave me a cup of freshmade ketchup ... .that kinda blew me  ... ... well ... .at that point ... .i finially realized what is fine dining for breakfast ... .nthe freshmade ketchu tasted so good and so fresh ... .i finished my hash brown  just because i wanted to have the ketchup . anyway ... ..the taste and quality of the food totally  the price . in my opinion the breakfast we could  to our room cant compare with breakfast i had in tableau althought they price about the same . nnbesides at tableau i can enjoy the good view excellent serivce silver tableware and freshmade ketchup ... p
__label__pos the pointe hilton squaw peak was part of a fab travelocity package deal a couple years ago . this was my first trip to phx and i was  to see the area . nnmy sister came with me and the deal included one of their suites with comfy double  a balcony shaded by huge palms and overlooking a beautiful courtyard and a nice size bathroom . we thoroughly  the accommodations nnthe property includes a  restaurant which we visited once or twice several pools a  river super slide pool volleyball mini golf and a couple cool souvenir  with local items . we were blown away by the poolside service and the swimup bar . we also availed ourselves of the tocasierra spa see separate review on the property . nni would absolutely stay here again but with a package  price .
__label__pos i must say as buffets go this one is good . real good . we went for breakfast one monday morning with some friends that were in town and we all left with full bellies and wallets still intact . get this folks a breakfast buffet that isnt just decent its greatfor the bargain price of 6.99 per  . of course thats with your players card but if youre one of those weirdos that thinks the  is tracking your every move and dont want to give your personal information to those sneaky casinos youre going to pay a whole dollar more . yeah thats 7.99. for a great buffet that includes  to  omelets mini belgium waffles complete with maple syrup or berries all the crispy bacon you can  bagels that you can load with  of cream cheese or salmon and capers delectable  fresh fruit galore pastries that would make the french proud and then some mediocre options like oatmeal and cold cereal . bonus amazingly you wont smell smoke while eating or leave smelling like smoke . unless of course you spend your time digesting at one of those highly tempting coinsuckers . and even then you can sit in a nonsmoking section for your gambling asthmaattackfree pleasure . two words to sum up red rocks feast buffet for breakfast love it
__label__pos 24.99 for a seafood buffet is not too shabby the wait wasnt as long as other buffets such as wicked spoon or the m buffet . you need to have their  club card in order to get the 24.99 price and one card is good for 2 people . im not sure how  it is  without the card since myself and my parents had cards and we only needed 2 for our party of 4 that included my brother . they had a good selection of food and i  that it was worth the 24.99 price . the only reason i took off one star was for a few reasons the crab was a little too salty for my liking although it gave it some added  i was only able to eat one plate full as opposed to my usual 23 plates of crab their shrimp po boys had a weird  to them not sure if it was the sauce they put on the shrimp ... but also the bread was hard and their cookies in the dessert section were rock hard . the dishes i tried included the following crab legs steamed mussels morange glazed mahi fried catfish and jalapeno hush puppies tom yum soup clam chowder shrimp ceviche prawns oyster shooter and chili mussels . thats all that i can remember that i ate haha . i liked that they gave each of us a crab opener device thingy but i had to ask for more napkins . one napkin was not  they should know that it would get messy its a bummer though that this is only offered fridays in june and not all the time . i think i shoveled down food way too fast in the beginning because i got full way too fast
__label__neg the bistro buffet at the palms is not among my top ten favorite buffets in las vegas as the food can be  to cold the meats selection can be dry and the specialty coffee is served from an automated machine that is  less  than my tiny dolce gusto machine at home.nnbut they do get top marks for their lebanese section and picking from its vast selection is almost worth the  if you like stuffed grape leaves spinach pies  chicken lamb gyro and some of the best falafel this side of the strip . they also make mean pistachio rice pudding that others have raved about as well.nnconsidering a single plate of these ethnic dishes might cost around 8 in a decent food court their 12 lunch is a  deal if you want something a bit  fast food . other than that i would give it a pass .
__label__neg what happened to this place over the span of a year or two its gone downhill from one of the best priced and really well executed great buffets in town to one of the worst.n nthey just removed the discount for folks who dont gamble a lot so now prices are 10 for breakfast 14 for lunch and i think 21 or so for  . still good prices  to the on strip  but now much too high to be a deal.nnon top of that there has been a slow but noticeable decline in food quality and food offerings . from a rotating menu of delicious dishes  to many of the better kitchens in town they have gone down in quality and now offering a processed  cheese stations . instead of baked whole  on their carving station they now have super fatty pork and from gorgeous interesting salads they have changed to serving iceberg wedges . desserts are now inedible.nnwhen you combine the fact that they have increased prices dramatically decreased quality of ingredients and taste of food and now have eliminated the discount for having a players  i think it is well on its way to being one of worst buffets in town.nnwhen i visited on saturday for lunch the place was pretty empty and the food had been sitting out too long.nnits pretty clear that the management of the buffet has changed . the kitchen is no longer preparing as many interesting and usual and tasty dishes and replacing it little by little with the standard cafeteria quality precooked crap of the worst buffets in townnnso although the service is still good it cant make up for the awful combination of bad food at bad prices.nnstay awaynnmanagment please  back the quality in your kitchen staff and your food items .
__label__neg the gf and i have heard so many good things about binkleys over the years from people that we know that have dined there and from reading reviews online . we finally decided that we had to try it to see how it stacked up against kai which is our favorite restaurant in the phx area . i made reservations for friday night of memorial day weekend a little over a week in advance . since binkleys is about 35 miles from the neighborhood that we both live in we decided to make a weekend of it and stay at the boulders . the week leading up to the meal we were both so excited that we both joked that we were getting very little work done due to the anticipation of the amazing meal we were going to have on friday night.nnfriday finally  and we arrived right on time for our 7p reservation . we were promptly greeted by the hostess and promptly seated at the absolute worst table in the house . it was in the bar area  next to the front door . the most insulting part of it was the hostess tried to tell us what an amazing table it was because the vases of flowers that separated our table from the front door were so pretty . in the grand scheme of things not a big deal if you wow us with the food . after all we knew from many reviews that atmosphere is not the strong selling point of the restaurant.nnafter we were seated we waited for a good 15 minutes before being greeted by a server . this is one of my pet peeves in a fine dining establishment . i like to be greeted promptly by the server and offered a cocktail so i can enjoy a drink while  the menu . once we were finally greeted we ordered cocktails and enjoyed them when they were finally served . being that this was our first binkleys experience we both decided that we would go whole hog and order the 6 course tasting menu with the 50ea wine pairing . as has been mentioned in may other reviews online a meal at binkleys consists of a long parade of amuses . sadly in a meal of more misses than hits the  provided more of the hits.nnthe big hit of the night was the summer truffle grits that the gf ordered as her hot appetizer . both of us agreed that these were amazing . unfortunately most everything else was relatively forgettable her halibut fish course was absolutely boring . my quail meat course was quite good but not something that i would drive 35 miles to experience again.nnthroughout the night the service and the pacing was uneven . sometimes there was a very lengthy time between courses while other courses were brought to quickly . while our main server was perfectly friendly she lacked fine dining polish and disappeared for long periods of time especially when it was time for the check several times over the course of the evening.nnas for the wine pairings those were also hits and misses . the pourings themselves were quite anemic and with long times between  there were several times that i had finished my pour before the course even arrived . for a  of 100 between the two of us i felt the wine was a weak spot in the evening.nnthe most entertaining part of the meal was the gordon ramsayesque fbomb laced tirade that chef binkley went on at some point during the meal . apparently his kitchen staff wasnt doing things his way and he was letting them know . quite comical although a little uncomfortable to other diners around as we could clearly hear every word that he screamed at his staff.nnwhen all was said and done we spent a little over 400 with tip for dinner . while it certainly wasnt the  meal of either of our lives we both agreed that it didnt even come near cracking the top 20. we were both glad that we  at binkleys to have the firsthand experience but we both left feeling that it was overrated . perhaps they were having an off night maybe it has slipped over the years or maybe its just a victim of being overhyped . whatever the case i dont think we will be dining at binkleys in the future .
__label__neg even if you had reservations for a week in advance and your table is 45 minutes late never ask for a single thing at binkleys . the  will cuss you out not serve you and kick you out while  making you  280 for small plates of food . last time i checked at the 45 star restaurants i have frequented in paris chicago dc dublin rome london new york san francisco  angeles barcelona and madrid this would be considered abusive and slanderous . what a shame that a man has to  customers like this . you never know who you are serving and  of mouth spreads fast  high power doctors and business people . mr binkley  me know when you get your michelin rating because im sure that will never happen as superior customer service is a main requirement .
__label__pos   in   for  buffet.nni love eating at an all you can eat buffet.nni think this place is very good . i just come here to eat and save some money on my trip to vegas.nnthey have a wide variety of food to choose from.nnthey even have mongolian grill.nnis just 1.5 miles off the strip .
__label__neg the food is terrible . nachos are not difficult to make and when they are horribly made thats when you know the cooks can not even  a  . our server angel was also very very inpatient and did not  on our  until we were  eating our entrees to bring us the bill . the seating in the dining area is  atrociously set and the booths are  . i would personally  going anywhere else for lunch .
__label__neg 5.99  steak and  ... nntheir  of  is 4 thin slices of beef.nbest part is the potatoes.ntheir french toast is not great.nngreat price but you get what you pay for.nsave money and dont be expecting anything tasty .
__label__neg take your money to texas de brazil ... the food  and service is tenfolds better there . we only  here because we had a coupon for buy one get one free . having had used the coupon we still felt a little ripped off for what we paid . the food was bland and overly salty . the selection at the salad bar was not really a selection at all . we paid extra to get seafood along with our dinners but the only thing we sortof liked was the skewered shrimps . dont spring for the unlimited seafood and churrascaria..the seafood is not worth the extra money at all . our waiter was nonattentive we actually had to flag him down to get our check and have him take our payment . ni wouldve been upset if we did not have our buy one  one free coupon . take your money to todai next door ... .although i have not tried this  ... i still think it  be a better bet than pampas . it was not worth the  at all .
__label__neg on a recent visit to las vegas i visited this restaurant for lunch . although i wanted to enjoy the  and ambiance i was thoroughly  . the salad bar spread was limited and not as fresh as ive experienced in other   . furthermore the meats offered were limited and the beef  overcooked . needless to say i wont be visiting this place the next time im in town.nnon a positive note the  was clean service was good and the staff was friendly . lunch prices were decent considering the  offered .
__label__neg ive been to many brazilian steak houses with rodizio style service and was expecting to have a great experience since this is vegas of course . this was not the case . this was the first time i went to a brazilian steakhouse and had a poor experience.nnthe meat the main reason why we went here was to get our meat fix on it was bad ... i mean bad . the quality of the meat was equivalent of the t.g.i . fridays of brazilian steakhouses . the meat quality was poor and although they offered the piccanha rare or more well done everything else was over cooked . the seasoning on the meat was almost non existent . we were expecting the traditional salty goodness on the outside of the meat with the crusty outside of the meat but it wasnt there at all . just overcooked meat with no seasoning . to be honest the meat even tasted old i kid you not . the brazilian sausage is something i really looked forward to at other brazilian restaurants as well and my fiancee and i looked at each other and both thought it was hill shire farms sausage . they say it was made in house on the menu but seriously they shouldve saved the time and just bought the hillshire farms sausage from the grocery store right next to where they got their salad bar items . nnthe salad bar i kid you not when i say this but i felt like i walked into a grocery store salad bar . the fried bananas shouldnt really be deep fried with breading on it its supposed to be in a  with i assume butter and sugar . the bananas were breaded but not only that they were soggy and have definitely been sitting there a long time . the cheese bread are also  of the  reasons why we go there they were stale and dried out also have been sitting there you would assume it would have been fresh since dinner service had just started . the soups were a disgrace as well . chicken noodle soup and lentil soup really i dont really know about the lentil soup but chicken noodle doesnt scream brazilian to me . even their competitors texas de brazil have lobster bisque they even had eggrolls at the salad bar wtf if i wanted egg rolls i wold have gone to a chinese restaurant . this was unacceptable.nnthe service we waited maybe 5 minutes to be seated so it wasnt bad . when we did get a table there were many other tables open we were pretty much stuck in the corner with no server for about 15 minutes . we were literally looking around to see if they forgot about us the manager finally realized we were looking around and desperately tried to win us over pushing the  and wine when we havent even been given any other food or water for that matter . 10 more minutes pass now 25 minutes after being seated and our server comes up to us and literally says hi my name is david i will be your server . please let me know if you need anything and go ahead to the salad bar and then quickly walked away to tend to another table . ni suppose i could add this to service but there was a lady with a drink cart that was really pressuring us to get the caipirinha the brazilian cocktail . when we said we had them before she asked  you didnt like it why not i dont know lady leave us alone they really tried pushing alot of extra stuff on us i suppose it is their job but damn it made things awkward . the whole drink cart idea was tacky . nnthe only pro i can honestly add to this was the 10 coupon they were handing out in front of the restaurant but even with a combined 20 dollars off for my fiancee and i it still wasnt worth it at all . i would genuinely say save your time and your money and go to texas de brazil or fogo de chao because even though they are a chain they know what they are doing service wise and especially the food meat . nni usually write about places that i love but this restaurant really  me want to go home and warn people about the quality you will be  . ive been to many  steak houses but this was by far the worst.nngordon ramsay if you are reading this please go to pampas and tell them whats up
__label__pos     america besides dicks in seattle double double is  fries are ok but at  they are fresh this place gets packed so be prepared for a   .
__label__pos never had a   .  fresh.nwait times can be a little  but it is  the  for the   .
__label__pos its more than a casino and hotel . they have shops and restaurants inside and club pure . serendipity is conveniently  right outside the building so you can go downstairs and get some frozen hot chocolatenthe hotel is   inside very  and classy looking . they have very comfortable mattresses and  so its easy to fall asleep and not miss  pool area looks  too .
__label__pos  in the newest  . octavius . opened jan 2012. nice  . qua spa and fitness center was awesome . great  . the forum offers unlimited dining and shopping . good conference  . casino a little too smokey but  had a god 
__label__neg i was  disappointed from the start of our stay . we were on a girls weekend and made a specific request for two nonsmoking rooms with two beds . when we checked in there were  available . kimberly the front desk  did her best to find us an  but two of us still ended up sleeping on pull always.nnat the end of our stay the bill was completely wrong with all  of extra charges and because we did express checkout rather than stay in the 1 hour  i could not dispute the charges . ratheri must take extra time out of my day to call the billing department . i found dealing with minor issues at this hotel difficult at best . i dont recommend staying here . there are plenty of other choices that have way  customer service .
__label__neg i was here on business over the weekend and just had a mediocre experience . the block rate we got for the business was between 132 and 152 a night . nn attached to the forum shopsn registration staff was friendlyn bell man federico helped us out a lotn   and decorn comfy bedsn free parking as most hotels in vegas havenn our first room smelled moldyrankn got moved but to a smaller roomn receptionfront desk takes a while to pick upn housekeeping forgot to clean our room one dayn there was calcium buildup on one of the sinksn found out they only vacuum their floors wear slippers because theyre never formally cleanedn there was a cd player in our room but no ipod hookup i know this is minor but who brings cds with them to a  in vegasn bell hop services charge 20 for a full  or 5 per boxpiece for the convention center a little steep for someone who is staying therennoverall i think this place needs a massive facelift considering all of their  competition around them . not sure if id pay that much to stay here .
__label__neg requested a fountain view room in the augustus tower 6 months in advance and still didnt get it .  looking at a bunch of run down buildings inside caesars . disappointing to say the least ... your checking in system for first come first serve views is absurd . i can  a view 6 months out but someone who books  and checks in before me can get it the same way thats ridiculous.nnedit after stay  tub blowers were broke as well as a lamp switch that didnt allow one of the bigger lamps to light . nalso was unaware that the resort fee doesnt include wifi as we were tried to be charged 15 per day for wifi this was  for us when we stayed at the cosmo  days  to this stay . well definitely just be staying at the cosmo for our whole trip next year .
__label__neg used to think  was an top  hotel . after  for my first time its the worst hotel ive stayed in on the  . venetian and wynn my favorite .  valet the worst . in organized rooms low standard  about room they careless . never  or stay there again . new hotels even mandalay is better to stay at .
__label__pos my    .  .  . nntheir  and sauna were great . but really its their aromatherapy massage that im gaga over wish the masseuse would just move to chicago
__label__neg i grew up in the south eating fried chicken with butter on butter with a side of buttered biscuits and yet i truly dislike how buttery these cookies taste.nnconsidering im a  cookie fiend and cant even come up with a variety that i  it should be relatively impossible to deter me from  cookies . however ive ended up at urban cookies a few times now and always  myself wondering why am i wasting precious precious stomach space on these when i could just trek on over to lgos bakery and go nutsnni respect them conceptually and appreciate the idea of a gourmet cookie but when it  to the actual product im not buying it figuratively because literally i already bought it of course.nngive me more flavor more chocolate more chewy  and ill be back . nuntil then i guess im just not paula deen enough for this place . le sigh .
__label__pos i used to live pretty close to the previous bamboo bistro location at the durangodesert  location but for  reason have never visited that restaurant . and today i visited their new relocated location on 7537 s. rainbow blvd rainbow exit off the 215 as the previous location has since been closed.nbamboo bistro comes highly recommended by my vietnamese friend who loves their tri color dessert and their sn bu00f2 nng grilled short beef ribs . he comes here orders it to eat at the restaurant and 2 more of each to go for breakfast and lunch the next day . seems a little crazy but after sampling them both for myself i can see that the obsession is well justified . the tri color dessert looks similar to the tri   served at other vietnamese restaurants but is actually an original creation of the owner . the taste is better and you get mostly the goodies and not the  cubes as fillers . the same goes for the grilled short beef ribs which is basically like the korean kalbi served in korean restaurants or hawaiian bbq but again it just tastes better . my guess is that the quality of the beef ribs used is probably better what it is marinaded in is also better balanced and tastier and it also looks about 20 thicker than at other restaurants . i didnt try anything else but just based on these 2 items i will definitely be back for more.nnthe location is also better for bamboo bistro as the business is doing  with a lot of steady customers coming in  to the previous location . however with the restaurant being busy they may need to hire additional help to service the guests in the front and maybe more cooks in the back too.nnanyway the ambiance is nice and the dining room is roomy enough to seat 99 guests . service is friendly the food tastes great a solid 4 stars for me .
__label__neg the worse bun bo hue .     not good  is   . not  .
__label__neg food was  good service was  . i went to the scottsdale location . there really isnt a space set  for pick up andor ordering . theres just an island with the  computers and a bunch of patrons standing   . a disorganized  .
__label__neg well i was thinking to myself last night that i would be giving this location a 3. nnhowever that just went down the  . last night the hubs and i ate dinner here . i am  on this strict vegan diet so i asked the waiter if the black bean burger was vegan . he  he wasnt sure but that he would check . a minute later he comes back and says yes it is . score i eat half of it and boxed up the rest for lunch which i will no longer be able to eat because the damn burger is not vegan i went on pjs website this morning to find out calories and what not because i track that stuff they had a whole section  what is vegan and what is notand sure as shit the black bean burger was listed on their site as not being vegan ... why the staff doesnt have access to this info i do not know . nnso  ... ..our actual experience was ok. this time around all the employees were actually dressed and no goods were hanging out . our waiter sucked . he never checked on us once the food came never came to give us refills our plates were cleared away by someone else a  was brought to me by someone else we had our credit card sitting on the table for a good ten  waiting for the bill . they did get a wee bit busy but they seriously had about 6 people working that night for that very small location . nnim not sure what is up with this location . it has always been like pulling teeth to get decent service there . the food is always good but the service is lacking .
__label__pos  quality  reasonable prices.nlow ambiencenwaiters  very casual  crowded  lunch and dinnernit is a  must
__label__pos    those    things that  nut crackers to navigatetheyve got em mussels salmon shumai that steamed snacky stuffthey got em a huge salad barcheck mongolian bbqcheck sushi barcheck and rows and rows of other chinese entrees from ribs to vegetable dishes beef and chicken dishes galore chicken on a stick younameit dessertcheck . they have not only fruits and puddings and cakey  but also ice cream and sherbet and soft ice cream . its crazy that is crazy buffetnnthere is something for everyone here . it was decently prepared and pretty fresh too . tip if you are a senior ask for the senior discount . it is not posted . range for dinner as of this writing 11.99 or low 10 range for seniors over 60. seating is huge a group would do well here . they even have a special room that has doors that close for private functions.nnlocation is kind of set back in a strip mall in the corner . not so easy to see from the road so look for it . easy parking . our server mostly for drinks was very friendly and accommodating to the many children surrounding us i had some wee company visiting me from the neighboring booth while eating .
__label__pos we   at the gecko  because we had a coupon in our entertainment book . we were surprised at how popular this place was and its no wonder because the food is really good . they have a combination mexicanbbq menu . i had a chicken burrito that was delicious . nnthe only drawback of this restaurant is the absence of alcohol on the menu . a nice cold corona to  the end of the work week w my mexican food was much needed and i was disappointed . also because it is so  people are forced to wait outside and in the arizona heat that is no fun wout at least the ability to order a soda to sip on . nnoverall though the food is excellent the  prompt and the  friendly .
__label__pos i had the cowboy burger and it was amazing and with an unbeatable price the meat was also perfectly seasoned so i  would have been happy with just the simple hamburger . dnnsince i was in phoenix for a conference and hadnt eaten vegetables for a  of days i decided to get the fresh garden salad . dont do it its basically prepackaged shredded  with a few slices of cucumbers and tomatoes . could have spent those four bucks on another burger . nnthe decor was super  and they were playing old songs  for the longest time and take on me
__label__pos an east coast transplant to the midwest has trouble adjusting in the realm of pizza .  dish is its own animal so i wont diss it because i enjoy it . then there are your chain  that produce a very doughy pizza that im okay with but its not what i love . some places around here claim they do thin crust . rosatis monicals even dominoes has attempted the thin crust but they basically make pizza cracker . nnbut then theres manolos their pizza is  of what i remember as thin crust . if youre from new england i  you would understand if i said their pizza reminded me of  ginos . a little greasy but overall a delicious slice . their specialty  are also very good .  the spotted goat spinach mushroom mozzerella gorgonzola goat cheese roasted garlic alfredo sauce and red sauce . fantastic . nnif youre looking for a nyboston style thin crust pizza ... youll  manolos . its not home for sure but it does the trick .
__label__pos on taste alone this place gets 4 stars i didnt eat in . i ordered for takeout . i had the banana cream pancakes and i was very satisfied even after the travel time . i warmed them for an additional 15 seconds once i got home just to  a little warmth to them . im not a huge  person but i  banana cream pie and banana  . these pancakes taste just  my childhood favorites . syrup wasnt even needed . i ate half without and half with just because . i plan on going back this weekend with my kids and experience  different with them . if in  is different ill be surprised but youll hear about it .
__label__neg came here on a week night . place was not packed . but like other  had mentioned the service was slow . there was only one guy handling every table and we definitely waited a  time before we  saw him.nnthe sides were very little quantity and variety . and it wasnt  until we got our tofu soup which left me sitting there hungry while we waited for our food compared to other places where the sides are brought out right  to tie you over until the tofu soup came out . we did get a refill on our sides but i honestly think it might have been because he overheard me mention how other people had wrote it was tough to get a refill . nni didnt like the fact that my rice didnt come in the stone pots . it just  in a metal bowl . i like the crunchy rice at the endnnas for the tofu soup itself it was decent . however by the end of the  i was still feeling hungry and usually im never hungry after eating at a tofu place . for a tofu soup there wasnt that much  in it at all i found myself spoonsearching for tofunntried it once . dont think ill be coming back .
__label__neg i take back my tip . im not  its worth it . if youre in a rush  but id go to noodles and company over this place any day.nntheyre too  for any kind of quality  . i had the asian pasta with tofu . it was  overlooked and chewy .
__label__pos despite not being much of a sandwich eater ive always been a fan of goodcents . not because i think theyre sandwiches are any better than quiznos or their decor any more aesthetically pleasing than subways but because theyre the most honest sub shop ive ever come across.nneven though sandwiches can be good for you you dont see some asshole  around with a sandwich board that reads mr. goodcents subs will make you skinny oh ... and the end is near and even though they cut their own meat you dont hear them advertising this one particular aspect of their business at every opportunity.nnomg a fucking toaster you can toast subs oh my god this is the most amazing thing ever its more expensive than usual sub shops but thats okay because its toasted its better and more filling toasteds the way of the future hahahahahahahahahahahannthey make sandwiches . thats really all there is to it . nnthey keep their bread in  plastic bags because although its unappetizing looking it actually preserves the freshness as opposed to keeping bread stored in a hot humid cabinet just above the oven where it will begin to  the taste of the bread its crammed up against yeah i got your fucking number subway . nnthey cut their meat and cheese fresh because thats actually what youre supposed to do rather than preslice it and prepackage it so it can stew in its own juices while it gets shipped out to the nearest chain location my ultimately worthless factoids2 subway0.nntheyre subs might be healthy but probably not . judging by the large number of heavyset people including myself who frequent mr. goodcents i think its safe to say that all that meat and cheese probably isnt doing our hearts any favors . but then again i know people who only order the salads at mcdonalds or the veggie at subway whod make a dietitian piss themselves and faint . nnthe last couple of times ive been to goodcents i admittedly had no interest in purchasing their sandwiches . the diuretics im on right now force everything out of me so ive  been on an allsoup diet . a bowl of ramen or a cup of campbells soup at hand contains both the water i need and the sodium to help me retain said water . nngoodcents has for a sandwich shop amazing soups and pastas . the chicken noodle itself is worth a visit or two as is there chicken  or  salad . nnplagued with the flu i stumbled in last wednesday with a few bucks in my pocket and a craving for something hot and liquid to sip slowly . while my friend was harassing one of the girls at the counter what guy sees a girl putting meat through a cutter and goes yes she seems like a suitable mate i gave another my order.nnchiggen soup please . a half.njust a half are you sure you sound like you need it.njust a halfs fine.ntough . i gave you a full . you sound sick.noggay . thagg you.nyoure a student right show her the cashier your student id and youll get a free drink . you need all the fluids.nyeah . tell me about it . thagg you zo much.ndont mention it.nnlater that day while my coworkers were arguing subway vs quiznos and discussing what should and should not go on a meatball sub i sat quietly sipping at my chicken noodle soup and lemonade thinking that i could get use to this flu thing.nnoh i couldnt fit this into a clever phrase but the soup comes with a side of buttery bread . its amazing . you wouldnt think that buttery bread and chicken soup went together but a few years ago you probably sat there in front of your tv and said toasted subs yeah thats a passing fancy if i ever saw it.nnyou know what ive been looking for a deli that makes good pbj sandwiches . anyone who can bring me this information will be given my secret recipe for the ultimate bloody mary .
__label__neg i was hoping for a good drunk time but nothing . i like many others got the groupon deal of an open bar for 10 from the regularly priced 20. even if you dont have a groupon blondies advertises the best happy your in vegas all you can drink beer or well drinks from 36pm or 10pm1am excluding game days . blondies is located inside the always busy miracle mile in planet hollywood . its a great place to catch a game  to other pricier places on the vegas strip.nnme and my lady friend went in on friday january 17 and were expecting a wait but it was pretty dead for 10pm on a friday night . blondies has some serious square footage and theres a plethora of sports  and flatscreens littered throughout the bar and grill . we were told to  ourselves wherever we wanted and we headed towards the back bar . however we quickly made our way back to the front bar after the bar tender informed us she was closing up.nnafter seating ourselves a  was quick to tend to us and we let him know we had the open bar deal . he went on to put a bracelet on us and began serving us well drinks . simple vodka and juice drinks . the first drink was nothing to brag about . i felt like i was drinking expired cranberry juice while my girlfriend drank orange juice . i knew then and there we were not going to get drunk . five drinks each later we were exploding from a big dinner and tons of  and orange juice . not even a buzz . we decided to call it quits and take our loss . nni think my biggest gripe is the inconsistency in drinks . the bartenders were great guys but one was making us real drinks while the other was serving us  . regardless i was nice enough to tip  time . the tv at our bar was playing an old ufc fight and my lady was forced to watch some guy get his head and nose bashed in while we drank our watered down drinks . we could have asked to change the channel but didnt feel like bothering our bartenders . im sure this isnt a bad place by any means but ill have to dispute their claim as the best happy hour in vegas . nnambiancedecor 35nfood drinks 15nservice 35nprice noverall 25nnprosn full barn open 24 hoursn drink specialsn lunchdinner menun cute hostess and bartendersnnconsn open bar drinks vary in strength
__label__pos if you are really here for swimming make sure you dont get sucked into the pool party side its tempting . once you go in its hard to turn back nnim glad tao beach have the flexibility of mellowness and craziness . if you want to swim and lay out to tan there is a section outside to do so from the entrance you will see it . however if you came here to party and have a good time in the sun in your bikinitrunks  into the dark siddddddeeee not literally nnthe line moves by  and if you are a girl more then likely you will get free admission . they hand you a towel and you walk through to the party scene . make sure you dont  into the water here . it looked infested with stds . but with enough drinks i guess that all goes out the door pnngood music dance anywhere nice cabanas great service if you order a pitcher the gorgeous waitress pour and serve the drinks for you . however i do recommend bringing in your own  they are allowed . the prices in vegas are  . nnohhhh best part sometimes you get to see celebrities come through on the  carpet . the last time i came i saw lil 
__label__neg i have been a member here for  years ... .nsince i am still a member you would think the place is great or i would have leftni have no idea why i am  here ... ... ... .nthe other reviews are spot onncrowded ... no matter what time you  nparking lot is a fing joke ... my car has been hit and my door dinged by rude inconsiderate idiots whos cars are dirty pieces of crap.npeople just stare at you and gawk the whole time ... most have no  concern for working out and  in shape.nlocker room is ridiculous ... ... women naked ... sitting ... just hanging out ... bare  on the bench blocking your ability to get to the lockers.ni think medicare pays for half of the memberships here.nthis place was a lot more upscale when they opened ... ..it is  the walmart of workout clubsnlooking for a new place to work out
__label__neg isuxnnipower is the absolute  hosting company that i have ever had the misfortune of using . still have one or two domains registered through them but will transfer them away  to expiring time . nnfirst of all their customer  is pointless ... the techs they have know less than you do most of the time . when you  you will be on hold for hours and hours and  not get your issue resolved . nntheir hosting is sketchy at best . if your site is up it will load very slow and move at a snail space no matter how simple your site is . i had a simple 3 page resume site up ... ... it took no less than 45  for the landing page to  . no flash no photos very basic static site . nnthese  suck . i had too many issues most of which went unresolved locked out of my account slow sites little to no real support long azz hold times crashing servers no answers double credit card charges among just a few of my bad experiences . nnhow about we try to find someone that has ever had a good experience with them because such a person does not exist d
__label__neg from september 2010 visitnndecided to dine here spontaneously after the boyfriend won a bunch of money in the casino . there was a short wait since we didnt have reservations . once we sat down it took a  while to be greeted . by the time someone came around we prompted him with questions and were overeager and  to start ordering . he told us he wasnt our server . hmmm ok.thanks . so by the time our actual server around we were sooooo ready to order . we all wanted the prime rib . thats what theyre known for us course . they were out . not only were they out they were rude about it .  we were supposed to know . well if the host had told us or maybe we would have known . or if they server told us before taking our  maybe we would have known .  . we got the stuffed mushroom . disgusting . didnt  you could mess such a thing up . it was a  ball of fried grease . who fries a stuffed mushroom the rest of our meal wasnt memorable . we spent a lot of money and expected more out of this restaurant . i wouldnt go back . sad because we enjoyed our stay in the hotel ...
__label__pos when ever i see the lovely tulips and beautiful array of colourful flowers i  that spring is here.nnand thats why allen centennial  right by the  and behind steenbock library at uw is such a special  . its a little piece of heaven in the  almost  like youre in a magical little park.nnbenches ponds gazebo  times you walk around and someones getting married and most importantly if you take your laptop in order to study gratis wireless for students thanks to the universitynnnseriously even if you just want to go there read a book and  its so tranquil and pleasent ...
__label__neg maybe the  and most unappetizing  and pop chinese restaurant ive ever eaten at.nni had the displeasure of trying this place once during lunch for work and once for dinner before a   . both times they offered cheap combination platters that ran about 7 dollars for an entree soup fried rice and egg roll . everything from there i  probably rank a step or two below what you even get at a panda express.nnthe ma po tofu dish i picked last time for dinner was particularly awful and bland . some cheap store bought tofu lightly fried with some   . if it wasnt enough i got somewhat sick off of it too . how do you poison someone with a tofu dish i guess this place is  at sucking every way possible.nnat least its cheap .
__label__pos great   middle eastern  . the food is   is  and  is very  .
__label__neg  to be      food  had in 17 countries and 32 states.ndo not do it do not go there . if you do not believe me go and find outnmediterranean  and you have to ask for pita oh sorry sticky pita and you might get one for four people just like having a pizza without the dough
__label__pos the   vegetable  was amazingly  . sooo much  . we also  the rosemary potatoes pizza which was   .
__label__pos   and lisajennifer are awesomennthursday  are 12 all you can eat ribs and its a great dealnntheir peach iced tea and apple pie are yummy
__label__neg the service here is horrible ni went in very early on friday morning and there were  strewn all over the floor right inside the    time hazard . the store looked messy and there was not a smiling face to be found . nwhen i got to the counter the girl behind it looked like she hadnt slept in a week and she was barely functioning . i asked for a peppermint hot chocolate .  even looking up she mumbled that they were out of peppermint . huh its black friday at  .  about bad  management . nshe was so rude . nstarbucks is really loosing me . i would be hard pressed to go into another one anytime soon but never this location .
__label__pos i always find good used records at zia . i know ill come out with something . theyre pricing is usually pretty high on recordsartistsgenres that are popular or trendy . thats pretty standard for anyplace . the ghost of eastside keeps their prices slightly lower with more  selection.nnhowever the flipside is that zia will overlook gems in their used stock and price them pretty low .  because they dont  much about certain band lineups labels or releases in general . ive found quite a few gems for two or three bucks in the used section . nnused records are where its at . there is no rationale in buying anything new because theyll press those things in such high numbers that theyre not rare anymore . ill still buy some new things from bands and such . not a lot.nnanyhow i inadvertantly went to this zia on record store day . i was eating with my kids at that chinese place around the corner.nni found a bunch of shit not all rare but stuff i wanted the shit lickers ep cracked cop skulls total early swede crustdis orchid st 7 on hand held heart the automatics golden hits and  out chubbies im the king 7 on sympathy the tie that binds adding machine 7 gravy train hello doctor lp . nnall  off for record  day.nnill always check out zia . ill always check out anyplace that sells records but i have to say that i do like zia .
__label__neg this is my  and its not a very   . really terrible   . the best  about this  is that the clearance items are in  .
__label__pos  place to stop after hiking  i love this tiny little place on scottsdale . its the best  to  a  bit to eat or some coffee . the breakfast sandwich is the  i love that several of the items on the menu are  or gluten free . the  are always the friendliest people around . im hooked on this place
__label__pos i love this concept healthy breakfastbrunchlunch onthego . i tried dlish this morning for breakfast and was  surprised . i wasnt expecting much from a drivethrough  but they delivered a hot yummy breakfast  with a chai latte that was probably the best ive had to datenndont go expecting the speed of fast food drivethrough . you will wait a bit but its  it because the food is that  better . i tried the breakfast burrito with chicken sausage wrapped in a warm  wheat tortilla . i enjoyed it . what makes me happy is that there are several other breakfast and lunch items that look  to me so i know a repeat visit is in my future .
__label__neg definitely nothing to  home about . generic  food . pizza  wasnt  but the pastas we had were on the gummy side .  the mozzarella carrozza appetizer was nothing more than deep  grilled cheese sandwich . tomato sauce tasted like canned  heated up .  .
__label__pos good place to go for a mexican quick meal .   had anything that i  like . the salsa bar is  with  choices and fresh . nnprices are fair and they even have the  for beer and  . nnole
__label__pos i love this location . the people are courteous and friendly and i have never had to wait in line . nnto make a very very very long story short i am a recent convert to wells  . tom quinsler the branch manager for this  went out of his way to assist me in the cash purchase of a home .  to the large nature of the transactions my money could have been held for  until the bank was certain i was not a terrorist or a thief . tom inserted himself in the situation and allowed me access to my money so that i could meet the  requirements for my  purchase . nntom risked a slap on the hand to meet a customers need and that is customer service that we just no longer see . my thanks to tom and his staff for making what could have been a nightmare into a  experience
__label__pos when i went to frys  it was a great experience .  like they just went under a remodel and i think it makes the place look much more  and welcoming .  the  there was very nice since it was under remodel i had no clue where everything was and the  end manager  me out very sweet nice people working there
__label__neg they went out of thier way to ensure that the 6 sub was not 6.nnim not sure what the problem is with this location but it seems as if we are a bother when we go there for breakfast sandwiches . besides my wife needing to repeat herself twice she still got hasseled by the crew as well as the obnoxious teenagers that came in after her and did everything they could to cause problems . nnthen to make  worse a bun was  in half for the 6 sub then another  was taken off the bun to ensure that her  was not 6. see  posted . guess well have to drive the extra   and see if that store has more compatent people working there .
__label__neg i spend quite a bit of  gallivanting through the  valley since my relocation to the desert so ive been on a one woman quest to find an affordable and pleasant nail experience . my pedicure here was very nice with a massage hot stone vibrating massage er once i got over that bit of  as the massage  was a  unexpected . the results were pretty but not earth shattering . nnhowever my manicure was one of the worst ones i have ever received . even without touching anything and sitting patiently for my nails to dry as they do not have the snazzy light bar to quick dry my manicure is all  and splotchy . i am not  with the nail  at all but i could have done better myself at home . my nails were also filed and buffed over my pants so my jeans looked worse for the wear after the whole experience . for 35 for a manicure and pedicure i expect more .
__label__pos  pasta  the  hair pasta with  . i am a repeat  and choose romes over defalcos any  .
__label__pos they  my  dogs with  and care and made me  that they were in very good  . the  is reasonable and the location is perfect for anyone who  in the maricopa area .  maricopa wells
__label__neg front office staff and  manger are very nice . i saw dr. goud and can  i have never met a dentist that was more indifferent and rude . she did not  once . i have not seen a dentist for two  . i have a lot of work i need to get done but her very poor chairside manner made it clear to me that she didnt want my business.ni knew going in that i would need fillings and work but had high hopes that the dentist would put me at ease and make me feel ok about getting the work done . do not go here if you need  more than a cleaning she seamed very put off just a very unpleasant  . you do not want her anywhere near your  .
__label__neg stopped in here after refusing to wait for guadalajara and gallo blancos wait times on a labor day weekend . we tried this place after passing by it twice . what the  why not . got inside and the atmosphere was less than desirable felt like i was at work in a warehouse with shitty  . chips and salsa arrived half chips half crumbs and the salsa appeared to be a bowl of canned stewed tomatos which in my mind trying to figure out how to dip this chip into this thick salsa that looks like its just chunks of  . so the entrees come and our waitress as serving us spills hot water off one of the plates on my girl and doesnt  back with any towel or ice while my girl believes it was accidental i think waitress did it on purpose because my girl appears to be a snobby bitch all the time . she cant help it its just the way she comes off so while enjoying our entrees yup i said enjoying it wasnt all bad food was okay except the enchiladas the tortillas seemed stale like the plate was made 2 days ago and reheated just for me . the ticker was when were  the game 2 angry roaches came out of no where fussing and arguing about who was gon na win the game not bugging any one else while they did their debate ha i said not bugging any one my girl whose got a serious disgust and fear of roaches  the restaurant and waited in the car on this 100 degree that day . cashier was curious about the situation and took care of us otherwise after explaining what happened . that would be my last time visiting wondering what the roaches do while they arent fighting over  probably  huge chunks of tomatos to float on in the thick salsa to keep cool while inside .
__label__neg  customer service.nnover  me on my rental . rented me a scratched dinged cracked car and then charge me  over the negotiated rate.nnin store customer service was just as bad as the  service i forced the in  employee to  .
__label__neg once again i dont know how anybody can  this restaurant a five star restaurant . nnwe ordered a takeout of a blt sandwich with extra mayonnaise with a side order of cottage cheese . nnthe blt sandwich and the cottage cheese was terrible nnour blt sandwich was made with a cold hoagie subway sandwich bun . with 2 pieces of bacon on the bottom of the sandwich and it was soaked with mayonnaise.nnit reminded me of a subway sandwich . nnand the cottage cheese was terrible nni dont know what it was . but it did not taste like cottage cheese . nnwe threw it out . nnoh we also got terrible customer service from  the hostee.nnwe were asking her questions about our order and she said with a snap i already told you what you can have . nnshe was in such a hurry to do other things that she acted like we were bothering her and she had other things to do.nnor shes tired of doing her job . nnif thats the case she needs to look elsewhere to work if shes not  to have patience with the customers . nnnas far as i concerned 10.00 down the drain . nnndont waste your money . go to another restaurant . nnnyoull be  ...
__label__neg being a customer at the ellsworthbaseline store for nearly 12 years after my recent check up ive decided this will be my last visit . they seem to have undergone an entire staff change on the day i was there and as a medical practice manager that was probably the least professional group ive ever seen . no one made eye contact with me they were too glued to their screens . one employee would only help a couple that was there for the whole hour i was there who were obviously personal  of hers . the other employee not only wouldnt get out of her chair to show me glasses but was very little help when i was asking her questions about options etc . her eyes only would look at her computer screen or the tatoos on her forearms . i assume it was friday dress down day when i was there as the tshirt wearing young man took me back for my initial portion of my eye exam . even though i stated out front 23 times what i was there for and completed forms again with full information on them i was again asked for the 4th time the same  questions over again . does no one read a patients chart or forms any more he took my blood pressure and  incorrectly put the cuff on my arm . the machine was malfunctioning and wouldnt quit inflating which was extremely painful and i begged him to take it off . he continued to push buttons  to get the machine to quit . then put the cuff on wrong again on my forearm of my by then extremely inflammed arm . again the machine mal functioned . he put down a grossly inaccurate reading on my chart and i asked for it to be removed since obviously this machine did not work and i didnt want a abnormal reading on my permanent record . the optomatrist ...  very indifferent and again would not look at me or speak to me . since my prescription had been chnaged by him up and down up and down a few times i voiced my dislike of the current prescription that i tried for a year . i was met with less than favorable explaination as to why ive been given so many different prescription strengths on my eyes the last few years . i had recently had a full check up with an opthalmologist for a spot on my eye  12 mos prior to this appt . and he also felt i should not be given so many different prescriptions that werent seemingly accurate for my  complaints . there certainly seemed to be no discount for this place many little fees that  added to your final product so when i pick up my partial order of contacts in a week along with my new glasses i dont think ill be coming back . my only regret being that i just didnt take my prescription from them yesterday and fill my contact order and glasses order somewhere else . its a shame they used to have such helpful and cheerful staff . i dont think i could have cracked a smile out of that group even if id come in with a car load of clowns and balloons
__label__pos ive eaten here many times since it opened years ago . i loved my first visit so much i took my mom and her husband for dinner there a few days later his fave meal there is the buffalo meatloaf w sautu00e9ed mushroom gravy w sides of parmesan mashed potatoes and spiced pecan green beans .  the spiced pecan green beans my mom and i adore the seafood entrees served here she especially loves the tempurabattered shrimp w tortilla slaw fantastic mango habau00f1ero chutney and huge steak fries . i regularly order the pecan crusted trout wc comes w cilantro peach salsa and tortilla slaw . while the peach salsa is so tasty and the slaw delicious and marvelously crunchy my allergies prevent me from enjoying them so i always ask for substitutions of mango habanero chutney and spiced pecan green beans the latter being so sinfully good according to the restaurants online nutrtitional guide its also calorific and loaded w saturated fat but hey i dont  tobacco or creative cigs nor do drugs and i rarely drink yeah what fun am i to have around eh so i allow myself occasional splurges w certain foods so you see my allergies are blessings of sorts ... nnin the appetizers menu the lobster spinach queso coconut shrimp chicken quesadilla crabcakes and chicken tortilla soup are all scrumptious yes i  many of these items before i learned that the awful cramps and other seemingly crazy and nonsequential symptoms id experience afterwards were caused by food allergiesnndesserts here are also pretty amazing . try their seasonal bread puddings ive tried two versions one w white chocolate and another w liquors of dark chocolate and bourbon  i also enjoy a few appetizers offered at halfprice during happy hour buffalo wings sliders w french fries onion rings and ribs if you like citrusy beverages try firebirds signature martini the double black diamond fresh pineapple steeped in citrus vodka and garnished w a pineapple slice nni did make a phone call about a month  and found that hh appetizer selections have changed to reflect the seasons so you may want to call ahead if youre like me and suffer from food allergies ... nnlast but not least while table and bar services here can be very   usually does a fine job w followups and corrections . i also enjoy the ambience here ... reminds me of wonderful childhood memories of summers spent in baguio the summer capital of luzon . woods everywhere beams tables chairs floors  ... theres even a nice fireplace
__label__neg to sum up our  adventure my husbands comment as we left was well that was a totally forgettable experience . i had a glass of wine and  another glass to go with the actual  ... ... ..the waitress never returned . even though i had an empty wine and  glass and my husbands ice tea was empty . overall the food was fine but at the prices charged one should not have to be looking  hoping to spot their waitress in order to get a beverage refill . nni ordered the bleu  filet and it was delicious . my husband ordered the delmonico steak   well . it was definitely done well no pink in sight . he ate it anyway since no one checked on how it was and he was hungry.nnwould go elsewhere next time .
__label__neg been coming to cafe  for awesome fast mexican food for years . lived in utah for a while ... just like you  k. i loved the ones in utah and  i  give this one a  . the manager  dont know his name is a total jerk . the food wasnt even warm . it was cold . my  and i are sitting here right now and im so upset that i have to leave this review right now . just awful service and not even good food anymore . gradually getting worse . im going to  vida from now on .
__label__neg   .  this    .  time 30 minute wait for an unmemorable sandwich . nsecond  called ahead to avoid wait . picked up food . my soup was forgotten . i called to have the charge removed . they can not refund my money only the owner can and shes at the other location . i ask them to have her call me as im getting irritated at this nonsense . an hour passes no call . ni call other location owner answers with huge attitude and i explain what happened . she says so you forgot your soup bc its of course my fault . she starts babblingcomplaining about how theyre short staffed and busy . i really dont give a crap about her excuses or staffing levels i just want my money back . i interrupt her whining and just ask for my money back . she asks if she can call me back . i say no youve wasted far too much of my time.nshe finally refunds my money with attitude goes look im sorry we forgot your soup im sorry were short staffed.ni can not possibly explain the owners terrible attitude in this review..comparable to amys baking co. nalso if owner does not trust staff to refund 2.75 why should i trust staff to make my sandwichesnobviously its worth it to the owner to lose a customer and get a bad review over 2.75. noh and sandwich was blah once again.nnnnresponse to owner i am unconcerned by your customers response . your attempt in shaming me per your shocked client response was actually probably an indicator to said client of the bad service at this biz causing such negative reaction . nyour attacking response was expected per your prior reviews . it is consistent and backs my account of our interaction . nyou did not address the fact that your staff is not entrusted to issue refunds you aggressively apologized and attacked me which is consistent with your bad attitude and you made sure i would no longer spend my money along my coworkers and friends with this response.n none of this would had happened had i just called and gotten a refund . instead i made three calls . nmistakes happen . thats okay . its when i have to jump through hoops and deal with a rude business owner to get a refund ... i have a problem . nmaybe you should trust your employees and this wont happen again .
__label__pos i just  my doggie the  time for  and it was another great job . i have a  husky  mix so he has a  of  to  thanks for a great job
__label__neg honestly one of the worst companies i have ever done business with . if you have any other option available to you go with it i signed up for a promotional deal tvcablephone that was 99.99 for 6 months . i was even quoted 109.72 after taxes and fees . my first bill i expected activation fees so i wasnt surprised by that however not once did i receive a bill that was less than 135.00.nntheir reps are incompetent when you call with a  youre consistently told one thing while the exact opposite occurs . they are crazy expensive for what you get i had gone from being a directv customer with 100s of channels in high definition for 34.99month . my cox bill for tv was double that monthly for less than half of the channels offered by directv . when i was a qwestcentury link  i couldnt wait to get cox high speed internet back . boy was i wrong i would constantly have dropped connections dns errors and more . nnthey also advertise speeds up to 25 megabytes per second and i consistently would check out around 1214mbps on speedtest.net . now i understand im not always  to pull a 25mbps connection all the time but its hard to  paying a 59.99month bill for speeds i never achieved . nnseriously avoid this company like the plague if you can . we  back to directv after moving into a house and i will never do business with this company again if i can help it . people let the contract of directv scare them away and i say this dont let it my previous time with directv my bill was the same dollar amount every month without fail unless i ordered a ppv fight and every month with cox it was a surprise as to what i would be billed even though my services never changed
__label__neg i was told it was free setup do not let them  in  i was told that this is considered advance  and you  billed additional 20. i called to question and the girl stated tough we told you i was not  and  this she  o  it the fee
__label__neg this is abt the 6 show whole home dvrs ... i moved to az in june 2011 to be w my now husband cox is the only cable etc provider ive had in az . it seemed easy enuf . we started out w a 2 show dvr advanced to two 2 show dvrs then the 6 show dvr came out and we jumped on that as im a major tv addict so it only made sense . well the issue w the 6 show one anyway is that once it hits around 10 full yes i typed 10 keep in mind it has an insane amount of supposed space allowed a terrabyte idk the name my husband knows lol.. it starts glitching like a mfer the 1st dvr glitched to death w its recs  it skipped a bunch or froze or just plain didnt even load we quickly called cox and a tech came out immediately . he spent hrs trying to find a way to save my dvrs contents again 10 i had over  12 hr epis of 1 show multiple movies etc all in sd to make the most of the space we were supposed to have but it was a fail as when he was having cox reset the box cox servers went down something like that and ultimately it killed the dvr.. it was so bad that his supervisor came out to our house to try and help ive never seen a  come out to help a tech ever in my life ... he didnt do anything helpful tho just talked to the tech about the status ... anyway they claimed there was nothing they could do . so he had us trade in the dead dvr for a new one but cuz the servers were still down he couldnt tell us when we might get our cable service back on again so they both left us thankfully at least cox started working again a couple hrs later.. btw i asked the tech straight up if we get back to around 10 full or we is it possible this glitching will happen again and he said w 2 separate boxes its extremely unlikely the same problem will happen ... . nnff a couple months back at around 10 full due to us going to vegas for a week it didnt take long for the dvr to start glitching again . this time tho it was picking and choosing what it recd and how much so there were many daily recs that were in missed recordings had 0 mins recd so it didnt even loadplay or it only had x mins rec so it didnt even bother to do the whole program for instance i rec the season finale of dancing with the stars on tues nite 810 and 19 kids and counting 9930 but while it rec all of dwts it only rec 8 mins of 19 kids wtf kinda sense does that make sooo this  me thinking a few possibilities 1. im backwardsly cursed w 6 show dvrs that i treat so well and put to use many hrs on a daily basis.. 2. theres no existing dvr out there that can handle allllll my shows i just watch too  shows 3. cox is handing out faulty 6 show dvrs to its customers nnso we finally had enuf and ordered directv as theres a great 2 yr deal and there was already an existing dish on the roof from former owners . the guy came earlier today and weve been adjusting to all the quirks of directv itself the dvr and the ability to watch tv on other devices ... its ridiculously diff from cox how well itll work out for us is too soon to say but seriously anything is better and cheaper than cox   how ridiculous ur cox bill is w the cable packages u have the 6 show dvr fees internet land line phone etc ... . w the horrible service cox is not worth it soooo if u have a whole home 6 show dvr from cox i warn ya try not to let it get a certain amount of full itll be ur dvrtv nightmare like it was for me 2x if u can change to another company do it
__label__neg i made appointments for my daughter and i to have manipedicures . we are from another state and i just moved here and she was visiting me and we thought it would be fun . i checked yelp and saw  reviews so i was thinking this would be a great treat for my daughter . i had the man working on me and he did a passable  but the woman who  on my daughter didnt speak any english and within  her manicure was chipping off and she had to refile her toenails because they were so jagged and sharp . our feet were so dry from the pedicures that we had to apply tons of lotion to them to make them stop hurting . the manicures  for days from all nicks we had around our nails from the cuticle scissors they used . we would not recommend this nail salon to anyone . by the time my daughter left from her  her nail polish had completely chipped off . what a waste of 85.00
__label__pos good  to    and spacious .  and soups are pretty  .  are fun and 
__label__pos awesome little mom and pop type place been here about 3  already . first time i did the allyoucaneat dogs for 8.99. ate about 6 hot dogs some onion rings and a dr. pepper . there is a huge range of toppings you can put on your dogs offered at the buffet which include pickles jalapenos sliced or diced onions nacho cheese chili tomatoes relish chicago relish real crumbled bacon deli mustard regular mustard ketchup purists aside etc . etc . the list  on . pretty much anything you can dream of i also came in during a transition period between breakfast and lunch and one of the staff said to have at it with the breakfast buffet if i wanted . awesome bonus grabbed some biscuits and poured some country gravy over those bad boys before diggin into my dogs.nnsecond time around i brought my roommate and we had the allyoucaneat buffet crab legs and prime rib for 18.99 friday and saturday only . felt bad about using the 10 for 20 yelp deal because i really like to support local businesses . prime rib was pretty good it was actually like really thin cuts of beef almost like roast beef dont be expecting a huge slab of  and youll be ok. it was pretty tasty had about 4 plates of that . the snow crabking crab leg mix was extremely sweet and fresh . very high quality . there was a bit of a wait time in between  when the crab ran out but it was worth the wait . my roommate really liked the  and the staff even  a special request of sunnyside up eggs to go with his prime rib . nnthird time did the hot dogs and sandwiches for 10.99. the pizza steak is amazing i think i can probably eat about 12 of those its so good i cant describe it . or  because my vocabulary is limited . regardless its delicious go out and get one also had the cordon bleu sandwich which was pretty good but i think ill stick with the steak sandwiches . also had about 2 jalapeno dogs and loaded them up with toppings . nnman im kind of drooling just thinking about it . i just went yesterday and im tempted to go again but ill save some money . love this place and i love to support local mom and pop joints . no other places offer hotdogsandwich buffets in the area so this place is a gem . if you are on the fence about trying it i say give it a go . definitely one of my  goto places
__label__neg worst hospital ever keep driving nna pair of scissors fell off the counter and punctured the top of my foot . i was dropped off at the hospital and i was bleeding really bad like bleeding through my wrap and my foot was covered in blood . i was hopping on one foot to get to the desk and they just watched me . there was no one else that they were helping so i felt like they should have got off their a and brought me a wheelchair . i even asked for a wheelchair and they still didnt bring me one . they gave me paperwork to fill out and i had to hop back and forth to the desk to fill it out and then bring it back . as i waited with the 2 other people in the emergency room i started losing feeling in my foot . i once again hopped back up there and told them that i couldnt feel my foot and up through my shin . i asked them if i should be concerned by this and they just stared at me like i was interrupting their conversation about them hating their job . i then started experiencing terrible pain which seems odd when the foot is numb but it happened . when they called my name i told them that i couldnt hop anymore across the lobby in my flip flops plus the hopping made my hemorrhaging foot hurt worse . the lady actually rolled her eyes and had uptight body language while she was trying to help me get in the chair . when they took my blood pressure i once again expressed the concern about my numb  in pain foot and she didnt even respond . i was finally wheeled back to the dr and the dr said she would give me something for the pain . they did give me a tetanus shot and to my surprise brought me my discharge papers . i refused to sign them until they cleaned the wound . i had to ask them to wash all of the blood off of my foot and i asked if they were going to  it up . the guy walked out not saying a word and came back in with a band aid stuck it on and walked out . he then returned with discharge papers again and a script for some pain pills . i asked him how i was going to fill that at 12am because i had a foot that i couldnt drive with . he told me at a 24 hour pharmacy . duh my point being that my foot was numb but in terrible pain still bloody and he expected me to  down a pharmacy he finally brought me a  pill to get me through the night and i never did have to fill that script he gave me because by morning i had lost all feeling . this happened in april it is now  and i still have no feeling . when i read my home care instructions the paper totally said that its a  if i experience any numbness with a puncture wound and to inform them . nnnot to mention i was sharing a room with a lady that had bronchitis and when she was taking her breathing treatment the tube kept popping off of the oxygen because they had it set too high . she kept yelling for help because of this and she couldnt breathe but they  her ... we were both pressing the nurse button and they just kept talking and  out in the hall . i even had to yell out to them so they would come and help her . they seemed so irritated that they had to come get this ladys breathing treatment squared away once more . god forbid anyone in the emergency room actually need help . this is absolutely the worst of the worst for hospitals . honestly whether you have to drive further to a different hospital or go to this one ... you are still risking your life but i bet you would have better chances elsewhere .
__label__neg   . just     in  . 
__label__pos   to    and buy used bookscomicsmagazinemusic
__label__neg worst  ever i purchased 2 dresses via the facebook page in july and had them sent to me in canada . after  my package i realized heather from the purple skirt sent me the wrong dress . she then sent me the correct dress but in the wrong  . arggghh so frustrating at this point my canadian summer is over and i asked for a refund . heather confirmed she received the dresses and had  my refund . well that was a month ago and still no refund . now my emails and   are being ignored . i am in the process of doing a dispute through visa . i am headed to arizona next week with  girls who love to shop . i will avoid this store like the plague . worst  ever
__label__neg i get a manipedi maybeeee 46 times a year . i am pretty good at painting my own nails so unless im feeling supremely lazy or in dire need of pampering i do them myself.nnlast friday evening i was in a rush to get my nails done before a dinner so of the two aforementioned moodsi was being supremely lazy . charlies nails is 2 blocks from where i  so out of haste i chose to go here . i will never go back.nnthe customer service here is appalling . they request cash tips and when i mentioned i didnt have cash and asked if i could tip using my card the nail   suggested that i walk across the parking lot in my pedicure flipflops to the atm at wells fargo to withdraw some cash for tip . i asked if she was being serious . she replied with it would be easier for me if you tipped in cash.nnoh  then let me shuffle across the parking lot in the dark in these 1mm thick foam flip flops and get you some cash i hate myself for tipping her but i know what it is like to work for tips and i am just not that person who tries to teach service workers a lesson by  no tip.nnhowever i am that person who will write a bad  review about it . so here it is . also as if it even  to be mentionedthe manicure was total shit air  in the polish a peeling top coat . but it was the service that did this place in for me .
__label__pos i get up on the  and the first thing out of my mouth is can we go to kashmans the only  i am giving it four starts versus 5 is that it is  outside seating . now for 12 of the year here that is perfect but for the summers its just too hot nntheres a lot of food that comes with your order . the omletts are delicious though my husband comes out just for the  . while i always get the breakfast he has ventured out and  a few of the sandwiches which he liked as well but said he  the breakfast more . nnbest thing about it is that pooch lovers get to bring their  best friends along . i bring my poodle every time and he shares a breakfast . i dont feel guilty about leaving him at home . nngreat friendly  too
__label__neg they   star only because i cant give them zero ... .poor layout dirty floors and shelves . the deli is scantily stocked but thats ok because you really dont  to eat the carbandfat ladened processed food they  here . the manager is a total jerk . why shop here and have your hard earned bucks  to  home of krogers evil  corporate hq . bashas down indian school is a far better option .
__label__neg not very good . it smells like marijuana most of the time . its sad that i have gotten used to that  . the laundry  is ridiculous . you get a card and you put money on it and when you use it on a laundry machine it usually reads error  still takes money off your card . the women in the  are rude . their attitude is pathetic . maintenance is a  story . they come unannounced most of the time and forget about awful problems around here . my dishwasher was apparently leaking water into the apartment below me into the poor womans  . of course i had no way of knowing that but it took them about a month to fix it . they said run your dishwasher and well check and see if its leaking and get back to you . did it and they never came back for several weeks . they came back and told me it was my dishwasher it took  of them to decide that and they were going to replace the entire dishwasher . they left a mess in the  when they replaced it . my husband threw the mess they made outside of the apartment and said they can pick it up . eventually they did it was the least back breaking work for them i guess .
__label__pos i  here every week and i love the quality of the produce the meat department very polite employees there and the sales are  . the store is very clean and the furniturehome decorating department is fun to browse through . my sisterinlaw was visiting from out of state and she loved the store she wishes there were a frys in her area . i make a point of getting gift cards here as presents because of the double and sometimes quadruple points  gas purchases . i  a lot on gas by shopping here and  for sales the coupons they send to me make it a pleasure to patronize frys . ive gotten  for free spaghetti sauce 24  of water among other  . im glad i have this frys nearby or id be stuck shopping at groan walmart .
__label__pos a friend and i went here for dinner on a monday night  on the reviews and im happy to report that we were both very happy.nnthe ambiance is pleasant and what one would expect from such a restaurant although the location in the strip mall is not ideal . the place is small with a bit of outdoor seating . we found when the restaurant filled up it was a bit noisybeing seated by the kitchen did not help thisbut we were still able to converse without much distraction . nnthe high point here is the food . ive found authentic italian to be a rarity in the valley and i very much enjoyed our meal . i found the menu very pastaheavy but the selection was excellent . if you like italian food even the slightest bit i imagine youll find something on their  that youll enjoy . as for me i had the lasagna and it was excellent and i would certainly order it again . the gnocchi my friend had were deliciousclearly hand  . when i return ill have high expectations for the food . nnservice was attentive without being  . i found  with one of the owners quite pleasantits always a bonus to  an owner on the floor caring about your experience . reservations are probably a good idea any night people might be out . i was  to find the place fairly  on a monday.nnwell i highly recommend tesoroi dont think ive had a better italian meal in phoenix .
__label__pos  worth the money justin did a great  and     on  . highly 
__label__pos i came here to  stronger due to being rear ended in a car accident . i was having issues with back pain but i  to strengthen as well as feel good . you go through an initial how to work the  and how to adjust for your sensitive areas first before you can even  up for classes . a little intimidating at first but most helpful . youll  to go through a few classes to find your right instructors that best  your needs and  you in the right way . for any of them dont be afraid to ask for help to make sure you feel it or if its uncomfortable . my favorites are ashly and erin . i also really like the stretch classes on wednesday . pricing is very reasonable and the booking site also has a mobile app very convenient if you  to make changes or add classes while you are thinking about it .
__label__pos this target is fabulous the starbucks inside is  incredible . i had the  service ever at a starbucks tonight at this target . this is one of the target stores that is at the  of my  nnthe clearance  are unbeatable.nnoh yes dont forget to go on www.target.com and then click the weekly ad link . then click the coupons link and print coupons . most of the coupons on their site are target coupons so that means you can  a manufacturers coupon with the target coupons and save extra i save at least  each and every time on various items . shop smart folks shop target with coupons .
__label__neg  i had a  coupon because this place sucks . i may slide in for  hour at another time but theres better  for less at westgate and park west . if you have to  this chain try 59th and bell.nntipsn correct usage of pasttense in steamed  . how long ago they were steamed is the question.n when did fish have a  mahi mahi dog ftwn no refills for drinks so make it last .
__label__neg the baristas were nice enough but the  was  slow . there was no line when i came in but apparently there were at least 2 or 3 orders ahead of me ... and they didnt start serving the first one  of me until 2 minutes of  . i  the  chip  drink and it was  icy ... ive had the drink before and its usually creamier . very disappointing .
__label__neg the people who run this company are thieves . i  in a town  community renters and owners and we are issued parking passes . my truck has been parked in the same area of this tiny complex for months with a parking pass hanging from the rear view mirror . last night it was towed by these bottom  because my wife had hung another parking pass for her work in  of our complex pass partially obscuring it . when i saw the picture the girl at the office  of the parking passes you could clearly see there was a parking pass behind the other one . they towed our vehicle because it was not  visible even though they damned well knew that was a valid  pass behind the other  . i am so angry with this company i am going to do all i can to get the hoa to drop their contract .
__label__neg i spent the weekend working on a presentation for work due monday . i visit the nearby fedex around 530pm to print my masterpiece . there is one worker there and she is helping a couple of girls with wedding announcements . i  . 10 minutes pass by . she is sort of casually helping the girls ... i havent  been acknowledged yet . 10 more minutes pass by and i grow impatient . nfinally i am  after 20 minutes . yes i was keeping time she gave me an exasperated what do you need . i want something  and  a five minute job . she asked when do you want it . i look around surveying an empty location and said now . nwe  in 20 minutes and im the only one here was the response . i am baffled this is a 5 minute job . i tell her i need this for a meeting on monday morning and she keeps up with her were closing routine.nnso thanks for the creative solution my fedex friend . i arrive  minutes before closing time and get no help . nothing . one of the worst customer service experiences of my professional  .
__label__pos   jalapeu00f1o  with   ...  my tongue just thinking about it . chili cheese fries are a guilty pleasure . been here a few times and they always have something different on the menu . its very clean and the staff is fast and friendly . love supporting local businesses
__label__neg this place is awesome id recommend everyone take managements advice and try your entree with the chefs hair ... it truly is something you wont get   well ... youll get it here and there but mgmt probably wont promote it . nnif you are slightly adventurous like me order the clay pot with  stew and turnip . when i got mine there was a hair on one of the turnips in the stew im definitely one of the lucky ones ... dont be jealous lana del rey . no big deal i get that it happens ... so i wait until my waitress checks on us and point out the hair . the waitress then picks up the pot for a close inspection and acknowledges that it is truly human hair good thing she did since my vision at age 34 is deteriorating quickly . she then holds the pot looks at me and asks what i would like her to do she is young..im guessing in her early 20s speaks english fluently probably grew up in phoenix and is part of the restaurant owners family at least to my understanding . since she is new to this culture of eating out at a restaurant i advise her that my preference is for the kitchen to remake me the dish . the waitress gives me a stunned look since i am asking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow and tells me that the hair is only on one turnip . she then puts the clay pot back on the table and provides me her advice . she and confucius says that i should simply remove the turnip with the hair from the stew and continue eating the dish .  there is it . nnmy first reaction was that this was crazy but then i realized ... the human hair was actually being used as an ingredient in giving flavor to the stewbroth . although not meant to be eaten it was one of the magical ingredients that made the food at nee house special . no  the waitress looked at me like i was a leprechaun and not the lucky  type more like the scary 90s movie version ... you know the one they did so many sequels ofnnwell it is may but happy st. pattys  and  check out nee house it is a dining experience you wont forget . nntip keep your fingers crossed you get the early 20s female waitress i think shes the only one in that age group working as a waitress there . she will make sure you get the royal treatment .
__label__neg booooo booooo im not a staryucks patron .  . im not . however some evil friend gave me a staryucks gift  and of course i had to  it . so . i tried . i dont do the half caf part skim part whole chai with light chocolate sprinkles venti grande tallie or whatever . i  hate those  . but i did request a soy latte . they were out of soy . hmmm ... ok. i run a restaurant i understand running out of products . next day same staryucks . same drive thru . same monster in the window . soy latte please . sorry no soy milk . oh for crap sake . this staryucks is 200 yards from a grocery store . that sells  and other market goods . so i  out  to lux and my world was at peace . once again .
__label__neg worst mcdonalds anywhere if i could rate them lower than a 0 i would . i went thru the drive thru and my son pulled in behind me . when i got to the window i paid for my sons order . when my  got home i asked him why he didnt at least thank me and he was clueless . seems the employee zack  his money as well as mine . ok so call me dumb because i trusted a mcdonalds employee to do the right thing but when i called the manager to  what happened she said 1 she couldnt look at the video tape of the event and 2 she would count the  thru drawer to see if the money was  . really oh my what kind of manager is that  what good would counting the drawer do if the kid stole the money and put it in his doggone pocket and i have worked with security cameras at 4 different  and have never not had instant access to the  footage . i dont believe she was telling me the truth . imagine that regardless i will not return to this mcdonalds ever again .
__label__neg dont bother with this place . management is rude and doesnt understand that although they  have thousands of residents each one matters . they had a  future customer and lost one because they couldnt  up the  and provide basic customer service . do not bother with this place and its  of a management  . their  is terribly disorganized and doesnt care about the  of each of its residents .
__label__neg it was ok we will mostly likely not go again . nnwe placed an  for take out . pork foo young and sesame chicken . the  in the   was very dry and the sauce was kinda of tasteless . the sesame chicken was the usual fried  in honey sauce it was ok. the rice was  and  .
__label__pos nothing  a chocolate  ice cream on a hot summer  in az . its the combination of the chocolate ice cream with choco chips brownies and  and served with chocolate covered almonds waffle that  is soooo good i wont say no for an ice cream in 100 degrees weather like we are having right now . really is a guilty pleasuresnnalthough the ice cream was very good they need to put a sign for the location though . it was hard to find this place and i had to drive all around the frys just to look for it . it was  in the very end of the   of frys .
__label__pos called these guys to install in a new  line for our range . nnit was a1 from start to finish . nice guy showed up on time  right to work and the finished  looked professional . no surprise pricing ... it was exactly what they originally quoted . nnif you need their service go for it.. no concerns with these  at all . i wouldnt hesitate next  i  them .
__label__neg  some  of       covered in fake cheesy oily gravy nastiness with a huge side of gas ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..then eat here if you dare.nnserranos used to be good when they first opened in qc . oh for the good old days they need to seriously redo their recipes ... ... ..not just make the menu and marketing campaign pretty . eee gads
__label__pos amazing staff   and   dentists . we  this  and would never  going  else .
__label__pos    trucks   in   fashion they are organized prepared for your arrival and on top of everything they do . very impressed but not surprised . the one thing i will say is check out the back lot its miraculous how they get all the  parked in such a small lot
__label__neg terrible  foodnchicken  sandwich was bland  tasteless.nchocolate ice cream  meltednfrench fries over  and 
__label__neg so i have a 60.00 credit that swa has  for a year . i  them for a refund and their  was that i needed to book a flight within  days or they keep my money . how cheap can they  they didnt  offer me an  for  flight
__label__pos holy cow their food is outstanding but their tortillas are the best in phx home of the best  food in the  ... that is  a  i know but please check them out for yourself . im going back to  soon for the first time since moving  and carolinas will be my first stop . im salivating just  this review .  awesome
__label__pos ive rented cars through this   times . nnpros staff are easy to  with and always pleasant .  are usually available when they say they will be . they pick me up easy to extend rental time with a phone call . prices are reasonable . better to get a ride here instead of  up car at airport.nncons service could be better during peak seasons but  are really doing their best with what they have available . pick up service  be a little more timely or they should make a phone call to let the person know they are going to be late . ive waited over an hour to be picked up . nni keep going back .
__label__pos  finally good chinese around my house ... . i have looked at reviews for this place before but got scared of going here because i thought the menu was only in chinese for some reason . so one of my friends suggested this place after discussing which type of asian food we wanted to try for lunch . so i looked at the reviews again and realized i was being dumb and their  is in  along with chinese . so i was excited to try it . the place is nothing special like others have stated but its not unpleasant by any means . after considering the reviews i decided to get dry beef chow fun . i also ordered hot tea . my friends got pork chow fun wet chicken chow mein and the spare ribs over rice . holy crap the spare ribs were delicious so tender and flavorful and cheap my food was really good too . the meat was very  not chewy like at a lot of chinese restaurants . it had good flavor and consistency . my tea was good too they gave me a whole  for a dollar . nice the chow mein was also really good it had those crispy birds nest like  . man those are soooo good . i wish all restaurants offered this . so anyway i will definitely be back to try more dishes ... . i  want to try the  soup and the chili dumplings so cheap ... whoa ... none of our meals cost more than ten dollars . so thanks ace i now have a go to place by my house for yummy cheap chinese food .
__label__pos       ... very  to  to and the owners there are very nice to everyone . they talk with you see how your days are and make sure everything is good in your life . overall service was excellent its right off the lightrail stop too in mesa
__label__pos       . had the  beef and chicken wings w fried rice . the  was subtely spicy and very flavorful . i will be back .
__label__neg place is a dump.nwalking up the stairs and you see the cheap reconditioning of the walls paint . that i could care less . walking through the room you see dresser thats scratched up and  of not matching paint that of something  would picked up at a curb side . and its half way wiped.nthe bed had like a  matress and the toilet  had cigarette burn marking along with a complimentary pubic hair and screwed loosely to the bowl.nthe  internet is slower than my cell phone in 3g mode . if you want acceptable speed you have to pay for it.nthe brenda lady in the front is absolutely useless . get everything on paper . her word  nothing.nim glad i left the place and went to best western 10 min after checking in . nand got charged for the 3 days and useless priceline fake reviews of place didnt do jack.nand a  to kylies realistic comment . how does remodeling the place in the future make for a realistic stay today at extended stay america nits amazing what people write for money . absolutely no shame.nnthis place . is a health hazard and i will be notifying the department of health .
__label__pos   at st.    . good  selection had an excellent server  portion size and excellent meal . i tried the chicken salad for dinner and it was tasty and just then right size . they have provided a nice atmosphere with exposed brick stainless steel tables and just the right amount of lighting and music . nnonly downside was the backless seats at our booth . very trendy but somewhat uncomfortable . ask for a table instead and youll be fine . nnill return .
__label__pos visited this place during happy hour on a saturday . seated in outdoor dining area .  though it was  outside the heaters kept us warm . started with the baked goat cheese . it was very  but had a little too much tomato and not enough of the goat cheese . i had the pork  verde . not huge  but it had great flavor and the meat was very tender .  had the french onion burger and it was  . the table next to us ordered the flatbread and it looked delicious . i might have to  it next time around . our waiter was attentive . i will be back in the future .
__label__pos i must admit the food at st francis is top  although the experience is a bit pretentious . nngoing there for happy hour is a must as the prices are very  . the menu is limited but more than sufficient . nni had the chicken salad at the recommendation of the bar tender . it was quite good . while it comes with either  or salad upgrade to the fingerling potatoes 2 which were  in every way . nnthe drinks were poured with a  hand and the wine selection was very good.nnthere are many beautiful people there . it is a  offputting but the  is  the tradeoff .
__label__neg we went because of an  we saw on  . dissapointed . no air  noisy neighbors without  i.e . not cool  old ladies cackling . the  was not as seen nor the  dip ... ..we will not be back
__label__pos i am in love with this place . i finally visited on a lazy hot and beautiful sunday . i enjoyed the misters and breezes as i sat at the  bar . the bartender silk was  attentive and can make a delicious drink . the  drink which is a combination of cherry bourbon elder flower agave and  other ingredient that i forgot rocked my  . this was during  hour and this  drink was only 5.00. nni tried the goat cheese and bread and fell in love with this dish after every bite . overall this is a sexy chic and fun  to people watch eat yummy food and drink strong drinksnncheers
__label__pos   and  were   .  and   was a close third . this place rocks
__label__pos eat here  i crave a good  . nnstaff is very  . i have been here a lot and i never had an order wrong . food is  and drive through is very  . nni have met a  of great people driving up to the  . very friendly and personable . but not the  to talk your ear off .
__label__neg i have tried this place  now ... nmy mistake.nni went this past sunday for a pedimani.nthe place like some needs a   and im not sure how sanitary things are.nbut as the tech was trimming up my cuticles she took a huge chunk off the site of my cuticleskin area on the side of my big toe . i said ouch cuz it did shock me a bit ... and she proceeded with the pedicure.nshe poured alcohol on it ... ouch ... .and continued to put the  strong callice remover in the same area ... double ouch i was almost in tears it burned so bad.ni nicely asked if she could poor some water over it to stop the burning ... and she didnt understand what i was saying . she didnt even put superglue over it to cover the raw piece.nni  against getting a manicure after that only because i wasnt feeling it after that and when i went to pay via debit card ... she tells me that i can only tip in cash . this is new from the last time i was there 2 months ago . i explained i only had a 20 and could she give me 14 backnshe said no and stuck my 20 in her drawer and proceeded to answer her cell phone and ignore me.nnummmm ... ok ... nnit is now  and the skin on the side of my big toe is pussing and still bleeding . disgusting ... and quite painful to try and walk  at work in heels all day.nndo not go to this salon.nsave yourself the trouble and money and go anywhere else in this area .
__label__pos this is a neat little executive course tucked away at the base of camelback mountain . nnperfect place for beginning golfers as the forward tee boxes are very short . as executive courses go this is  than most out there . however one needs to keep in mind that by their very nature executive courses are much simpler than even the simplest of full length courses . beginners should bring plenty of extra balls . there is considerable  on the course . nnmake sure you only  tee times through the website as these are massively discounted from the phonein rates . this course is a mediocre deal at 35 but not anywhere near worthy of a 65 rate.nnthe greens were in moderate shape . the course is filled with lots of beginninghack golfers who obviously havent been taught proper  for fixing ball marks and how to put the pin back in properly . hence  of marks and banged up holes . nnthere is an amazingly nice club house considering this is an executive course . they have a driving range although it is restricted to irons only . golf carts were fairly new and reliable . one anomaly is frost in the winter . due to the course location in the shadows of camelback mountain it takes an  long time for frost to melt on the course . they had a 2hour delay the day i was there and they still had to start people on the back 9 which is slightly more sunny than the  9 in winter.nnif youre looking for a quick round of 18 holes but dont have time for a fulllength course consider this to be an excellent alternative . we made it around in about 3 hours without rushing .
__label__pos the lack of decent sushi bar in the desert ridgetatum ranch area was  on the area . celsius is the ointment this place is great . there were very few if any nearby sushi options worth trying ie ten . which if you read richard zs review i was there it was that bad . but back to the place at hand . nnthe happy hour here albeit short and a little early is cheap and filling . it goes from 36 but they do have a reverse as well from 10close . i remember eating there with someone during happy hour for a quick dinner sans drinks . we walked out of there after getting 2 spicy crab 2 spicy tuna and a crunchy specialnot on  stuffed and for under 20 before tip . the sushi is always consistent consistently great . the  special is my favorite . tempura shrimp crab mix cucumber covered in eel sauce and tempura flakes . i want some now just writing about it . they have regular asian type food as well for the nonsushi eaters . which is  . nnservice there has  been spot on as well . you can watch the sushi chef making rolls behind the counter via a camera and monitor mounted on top of the bar . they have a  selection of beers and sake . they also have a pineapple infused vodka sitting in a big glass jug on top of the bar . i have been told it is good . seating inside can be a little tight but they do have a patio which is perfect in the spring and early summer especially at night . nngo check this place out . it is near desert ridge but you dont have to deal with the ridiculous parking .
__label__neg this is a hard one . i went just for the chips which are the   to get 3 hard tacos ... . mistake ... i had 2  with lettucescsalsa and the 3 rd one had the meat . i  toppings on my meat not just eat toppings . again i went for the chips and next  i will cut in line and buy just the  and go next door to 
__label__neg food is  but has terrible  this is the third time in a row that they mess up my order . first time i ordered for pick up . when i showed up to  it up it turned out that the delivery  had accidentally taken my order with him and i ended up  over 30 minutes for him to get back and get my food . second time i order for delivery . they showed up after an hour and  minutes and forgot half my order . third time i ordered same thing happended . they took forever and forgot my drink and side of pasta i ordered . seriously over this  and not ordering from here again . the  is not worth the hassle .
__label__pos      and always an   the front desk ladies  make this place even better who would of thought that was possible
__label__pos every  i have used  valley repeat customer they have gone above and beyond the  of  .  customer service and satisfaction prompt fast courteous and very  priced . i  them  to everyone i know needing plumbing services
__label__neg   .   policies . crabby servers . too dark extremely loud and below   . dont  your  .
__label__neg i am furious.nnin the last 12 months i have had at least scheduling issues from them calling me at 8am on a saturday morning my 1 day off to cancel my 11am appointment to last saturday when i went in only to be told someone had messed up and actually booked me for the next week and despite me driving all the way out there at 11am they couldnt get me in until maybe that evening and then not with someone who had experience in deep tissuemedical massage . i was irritate and ready to ask for my membership refunded then but ashley the clinic manager promised me that theyd give me my next week appointment free of charge and that shed personally be certain there were no more issues . as i literally couldnt turn my  to the  due to pain i took her up on that . big mistake.nnyesterday the friday before my correctly scheduled massage i went out of my way to call in and confirm my own bloody appointment to try and avoid last weeks debacle . according to the woman who answered the phone it looked like my schedule therapist was actually scheduled off but she went to talk with her manager and came back to the phone telling me everything was ok and that shed call with any issues . then yesterday evening i got another confirmation call from massage envy confirming and reminding me of my 1130am appt on saturday with my preferred therapist . given that ive had 3 migraines this week versus my 0 or 1 when i get a massage the weekend prior i really absolutely needed to get in so i  more confident.nnwell i was just woken up at 8am ... again . on my day off ... again . to explain to me that big shock they messed up my scheduling again and that apparently my therapist was off today . despite ashleys promise of it not  again . despite me being proactive and calling to confirm . i am sitting here in pain so furious at this repeated treatment that i cant even go back to  ... and the best part they dont  have a manager on duty i can complain to.nnmy treatment at the hands of the bookingfront desk staff has been any thing but relaxing . i continue to walk out of there frustrated angry and occasionally in tears . i know they say fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on me but i was trying to give them the benefit of the  . im pretty screwed for today and the next week but luckily an elements place with a similar concept opened recently in the general area . at this point it literally can not be any worse than massage envy . as much as i love talisha and aisha as massage therapists getting a massage should feel good and not like youre just a number to them not like you actually have to spend more time trying to get a damn appointment than you actually get to spend in the appointment .
__label__neg this is the worst wendys ever and i love wendys . i hate that this is the location  to my work ... but it never fails you mess up something in my order each time you would think they would get tired of the complaint calls and giving  free food to replace it bc i know i am  of wasting my lunch  doing so neducate your staff on gluten free and gluten allergies ie your bread when someone asks for a bunless sandwich it needs to have lettuce wraped around it ... essp when the customer said to wrap it in lettuce also educate your staff on what  come with a  potatoe . that is  getting old . the saltpepperbuttersour cream has always been part of the potato order . nnjust the worst and this is just the tip of the ice burg ... ... ... they didnt reply to my email of complaint last month ... maybe a yelp review  help .
__label__neg so i saved a couple of  or did i by  to sams optical . the optometrist is only there on saturdays so they cant confirm your prescription unless he is there when i asked for my written prescription they wouldnt give it to me and i was standing right in front of them because the  wasnt there . also i ordered some contacts and when i went to pick them up they couldnt find them . i  they keep looking and half an hour later they finally located them . by the way they had called me to tell me they were in . now i realize their prices arent that good  . dont waste your  saving what isnt that much money .
__label__pos pizza is great i just finished cleaning their kitchen bathrooms and front lobby  tile it looks great if i   . go  them out the  tastes  good . they make their dough from scratch  day smells  in their facility too .
__label__neg shitty little chinese places usually have alright food.. not this place.. nothing we  even tasted good . a real emphasis on shitty ordered tofu sweet and sour chicken and  rolls as well as house lo mein.. i think it was the oil because everything sort of tasted rancid and was seriously greasy . also the shrimp in the house lo mein didnt smell very  so i picked it out..  the  noodles didnt sit well with me or my friend . she ended up getting  right afterward though i was fine . nni am convinced that there is zero  chinese in surprise  there is another place i should check out
__label__pos i  their  salad . great healthy food  guacamole . kinda like the subway of mexican food .  they  to  you the  dressing which really  the salad so make sure you ask if they dont .
__label__pos i love this place . i always thought that i wouldnt enjoy greek food so i tended avoided my big fat greek . however after my cousins wedding we decided to go here for lunch.nnwe started off with a  hummus appetizer and it was delicious . it came with warm pita and a generous amount of each hummus dip . a word of caution though the garlic hummus is very garlicky . we liked it but i dont think everyone is as insane as we are when it comes to our love of garlic . nni got a chicken souvlaki with a greek salad for my side and it was amazing . not to mention the meal kept me full all day . to end it we got an order of baklava to share and i couldve eaten the whole plate . i havent been able to go back since then but needless to say i keep  about it haha . nnits a must for those of you who like greek food . for those who are unfamiliar with it be  for the high amounts of garlic and onion in your food . its not so much that its bad but if its not something youre used to you could be a little  off tastewise . the lemon potatoes are as they  lemony so keep that in mind too . but please order the baklava . that is  you wont regret . nni  this  helps
__label__neg has really gone  in the last few  . jasons  to be awesome . food  and  here has declined dramatically . still has a great  bar . sad to  the decline of a once really  deli .
__label__neg this is for the service dept.nthey seem honest and there is a  waiting area with popcorn water and toys for the kids.nhowever they consistently take over an hour for an oil changetire rotate . this time i said no tire rotate and we have been here 1.5hrs . they are apparently too busy need to hire more mechanics andor not doublebook people . other than the fact that they are in no rush to  you on your  things are great here .
__label__neg i  the  tacos i got . also  2 beef  combo with rice and beans . they  messed up and gave me a 2 cheese enchilada combo with my takeout . didnt really care for flavor of shredded beef with   wont get those next time . cheese enchiladas i ate the next day not bad but not my cup of tea . nice guy at counter taking ordercash . i gave them a 2 stars cause if 2 not likes could have been my order that missed the  cheese enchiladas . wish i could give more ... maybe next time .
__label__pos sprouts is my favorite market to shop at they are a great company who have a very friendly staff in their stores as well as their corporate office . they are also very involved with the  and with local  and businessesnnthe prices for all the fresh and natural groceries they carry are the most reasonable out of all the grocery stores i have been too the vitamin  has everything you could ever look for to help your well being and they are always extravaganzas in the stores so you are always getting the most out of your money and in  like these i know people are very appreciative of that  groceries are becoming more and more expensive everyday or so it seemsnni most  recommend anyone to  at sprouts
__label__neg this jack in the box may be the  from me but its not even  it . the  who  in the drive through are never nice . ever . and the worst part about the  is the wait . it doesnt matter what  of  i go i always seem to never get out of the drive through under 20 minutes . and when i get up to the window i except at least and im sorry about the wait . nope just rudeness . so if you have the chance to  to another one you probably should .
__label__neg i will never go back . the management is the worse . i complained that my   burro had no meat ... the manager actually took the burro apart and counted the tiny  parts . he counted out seven pieces and they were tiny pieces . i will never go  stay   your money and  to taco 
__label__pos good place for breakfast . they have a 6.99 breakfast deal  four entrees . i had a two egg omelet biscuits and    and a  strawberry crepe . very goodnngood standard fare and very predictable . the  are friendly and   care of you . just a nice easy place to have a meal .
__label__neg my boyfriend and i have been here a few times in the last 6  and i dont know why we keep going back . the food  tastes fairly good however their service is horrible . our waitress whom weve unluckily had the last 2 times we were there is awful . this recent time my boyfriends specifically asked for no tomatoes on his burger guess what it came with tomatoes . not a  deal but would have been nice if it had been correct . she never asked me once if i wanted another drink but kept my boyfriends drinks refilled . we finished our  and sat there while she kept walking by us clearly seeing i needed a to go box and never once asked . finally i caught her and asked her for one . i wish i could remember her name blonde hair in a ponytail all the time  and clearly waitressing isnt her thing otherwise she would have  more attention to our needs . if i had been paying she would have gotten zero for a tip she didnt deserve one at all . then we went to go pay and leave however stood and waited and waited and waited to even be waited on so we could go . the cashierwaitress asked my boyfriend how his food was but didnt ask me . i think the place needs some work on their people and service skills . time to find a new location and give them a try . we probably wont go back to this one anytime soon .
__label__pos my doctor says i need more fiber in my diet she says its natures broom . ni say my diet is just fine relying on the more traditional staples such as  snowballs fritos and beer.ni tell her its not not exactly natures broom but it is janitorial in a sense almost like a mop and bucket . nnbut the roids need to go or else therell be an  she says ... one nvolving hot pokers and way too much  for my liking.nthis is where cfa comes in handy.nnthey have a coleslaw thats to die for one guaranteed to promote a healthy colonnor at  keep my proctologists  and hot intruments away from my  bum which has yet to break its maiden with a hot poker or inquisitive finger.nnso if you like cole slaw and your  orders you to eat fiber this is the answer to your ... prayersnyoull be crapping  a sick barnyard animal in no time.nngo cfa cole slawnnwoo woo fist pump
__label__neg alright . the food is very good . i have to give this about an even heat with grimaldis buonos and casanova bros with regard to food quality . the defining quality of any of these restaurants however is s e r v i c ennthe first few times we  here the service was  k a y. the last two times we went here the service s u c k e d out loud nnheres my advice to the owner of this establishment nntrain your wait staff to greet your damn customers when they walk in your damn door train your staff to hit the table with drink glasses within one minute of the customers sitting down ... periodnnmy wife and i sat there for  minutes waiting for someone ... anyone to make eye contact with us or acknowledge that we were even there . everybody was just too busy to even look at us . we knew that they knew we were there because they made it obvious that they didnt want to make eye contact because that would have meant slowing down long enough to talk to us nnfinally the waitress walked over to the couple in  of us that had just walked in and  themselves not a minute before and gave them a plate of garlic knots and glasses . my wife and i were still sitting there with our mouths gaping open and that was when you  my business we both got up and walked out and nobody even bothered to ask us why . nnmy wife and i have been coming here for months since finding the place . we spend thirty bucks every other week with you folks . thats 780.00 bucks per year you are going to miss out on because of your lousy service . nnif you wan na find us well be at casanova bros. or grimaldis . they are the only pizza establishments left in the east valley that truly understand customer service
__label__neg  service   to    was alrightnnbad greasy pizzantook a moment for  to get our order
__label__neg heck of  guy and i  an overall good person . he knows pools and when he shows up is worth having.nnunfortunately the company is  to hold an   has an excuse for missing commitments and overall is not all that reliable . the only time they were reliable was when our tech was out of town and  firm was covering for them.nnsomething needs to change as they are spread too thin are  and in general are not a  i would recommend to a friend .
__label__pos i am a hot wing fan and this place has some  awesome ones . theyre always meaty and  .  they  more  as i like them saucey but the waitress will   with that request . their individual pizzas are very good they have  of topping choices and they have good crust . reasonably priced and great for a loud night out with friends .
__label__pos i have to say the only reason i am giving this place 4 stars is because of one of the delivery  that work here . i still dont know his name but i will  it when i find out because ive never had a delivery guy that is as friendly and helpful as this guy . i  the mild hot  and  sticks here and order them a lot . the driver knew my name after a couple of times and always gives me coupons and info on the  deals so i can save money . i thought that was very nice of him and he deserves to be recognized for going above his  to make his customers happy .
__label__pos ive never felt so pampered for so little money nnas soon as my student came over she offered me teacoffeewater before she  started . once i  down she asked me what i wanted  and then ran everything by her instructor . first she began with a shoulderneck massage with eucalyptus oil which was very relaxing . then she washed my hair and put in a dry remedy moisturizing  conditioner . while she let the conditioner sit she gave me a mini facial and and a  massage . as for the haircut she did a great job and did exactly what i wanted . the instructor came over at the end to check her work and she was very thorough . nnive been going to aveda institutes for many years now both in milwaukee and chicago but the students here definitely seem to go above and beyond what ive experienced at other locations . the prices here are pretty similar with a haircut costing 17. but if you check in on yelp you get  off and theres no tipping allowed so its a pretty cheap haircut . im a big fan of aveda products so its always a plus when i can get get the aveda spa pampering without the high  this is a perfect place for a  like me on a budget
__label__pos okay i havent lost my mind ... this is not a 4 star hotel ... but i rate it 5 stars considering the bargain price i paid which was 67 for 2 premium nights friday and saturday nights for a 2br2ba suite . it was this cheap because i used a 50 discount coupon i got from expedia.com my online booking agent . also there was a special stay one night get one night free . with a roomie this worked out to about 18day for a room with free internet and kitchen . its unlikely i would stay here if it was just myself as its not worth the timeeffort to just cook for one person . but the free internet is worth 1218 per day which is about what i paid for the roomnn theres barebones cookware but adequate . full size fridge 4 burner gas stove and oven . theres a coffee maker but no coffee is supplied . it used the small mr. coffee round filters which i got lucky and brought some along that fit perfectly and i brought my own coffeefixins . units are advertised to have dishwashers but my unit didnt have one so i had to  dw soap and scrubber at the 99 cent store down the street . no biggie as i can use them at home . microwave in place . there is no food stuffs ... no oilsaltpepperketchupetc but of course i brought everything i needed from home as i had planned to cook omelettes and home fry potatoes with bacon so no problem . but ive stayed at time share  before and sometimes the bare essentials are in the unit but i can not deduct for none with todays lawsuit freaks out there these days . place settings for 4 actually about a 20 piece cook set . no sharp chefs knife or  peeler but i of course figured that and brought from home ... yeah i was a friggin boy scout ... lolnni deducted one star because it didnt have a dishwasher as advertised and the ft desk said the maid would wash our dirty dishes but that didnt happen . also i requested more chairs for our poker game but they didnt have any housekeeping staff to get us chairs.nnthe room was decent sized 3 flat screens the bedrooms were quite large but i wish the brs were a bit smaller so that the living space could have been bigger as i brought in a poker table so we could play a friendly game of poker.nni requested a nonsmoking ground floor 2br suite close to parking and thats exactly what they gave me . my car was 5 ft from my front  . ha stay at one of the mega hotels and if you self park you will spend 515 minutes walking to your car if you can  it . free  in the office free hispeed internet but bring a rj45cat 5 cable . however my roommate was able to access free wifi as well but we were about 30 ft from the registration office so maybe we were  or theres free wifi in the office that is not advertised.i did bring my own wifi router and was able to successfully configure it so that i could  it in the suite . i preferred it so that i could have better wifi security but i did test out the existing wifi and it seemed to work fine on my laptop . nnlocation i prefer staying off the strip so i actually consider it a plus . usually i stay downtown on fremont st. so i guess im a freak that i dont like staying on the strip . so be it . i like saving the money avoiding the horrific traffic and drunk drivers . but i usually go to vegas to play poker and will go to the various different casinos where i hear of a good cash game or well structured tournament .
__label__neg i was debating between 1 and   im trying to find some reason not to downgrade it . service was terrible wait wait wait wait . it seemed like thats what we did for the entire  and 12 hours we were there . waited to get our orders in waited to get drinks waited 12 hour for food to arrive waited to complain about the order not being right waited 12 minutes for a missing order of french   another 15 minutes for our check . i couldnt wait to get out of there . its not like its gourmet food served with fine linens . its fried chicken served in small cardboard trays for crying out loud the food was good when it arrived but it was way  for what you  . it was like fancy chicken mcnuggets with special  sauce ... wont go back .
__label__neg came here for a special event . based on the food served i  not come as a paying customer . bland penne with  sparse  . overdone broccoli . nice looking caesar with big croutons and ...  dressing  . chicken slimy something . not sure what it was . nnbathrooms were gasstation dirty.nntwo stars for free food .
__label__neg ok. this is a dominating casino if you want to get down to business and avoid the tourists . its where the locals gamble . the pit bosses and dealers are all top notch.nnbut man their hotel service is laughable . this past friday  we stay in south  gambling for 10 hours until 8am we also have 4 other households with us staying there . instead of looking for a cab to take us  to the strip we opted to  a room there . nntheres an old  named larry who works at the front desk . i couldnt believe how rude condescending and arrogant this guy was when all we wanted was to patronize the hotel . he wouldnt even check look for availability for us so i checked online and found rooms available . he still insisted we wouldnt be able to check in until 11am . i am under the belief that if you recommend a hotel for 4 of your relatives  and spend 10 hours gambling there they should accommodate simple sleeping arrangements.nnget larry a gig at the  thats where he belongs .
__label__neg service sucks here especially the  desk manager hernandez . she  me wait over   for a phone  i had left  .  was good but the  is way off the strip . luckily i only stayed here one night .
__label__pos i give the southpoint hotel five  as the hidden gem off the strip . yet it is not too far away if you have a  or take the  . not to mention very close to the outlet  love shopping.nnit is super family friendly with the arcade movie theatre bowling alley and cheap eats in addition to many nice restaurants . the steak  and italian restaurant are both fabulousnnweve stayed at the southpoint many times and always have a  experience
__label__pos ive been bringing my dog to ann road  hospital  he was a puppy and have always gotten  service and  treatment from the vets there.ni love the walkin  no appointments and sundays is my favorite day to  them . they  love to see buddy and i will  keep going there as long as i live here in vegas
__label__pos walter g is right the wings basically taste like sauce . but thats what they are famous for . nnthey have about 20 or so different types of flavored wings if youre someone that likes to try little samplettes of different stuff you can get the 24 wings and get 4 different flavors of wings and split it with a friend . nni tried the carribean jerk teriyaki garlic parmasean and asian spice.nnif you eat 12 of their blazin wings within 6 mins you can get your picture on their wall . nni feel like i can  my heat pretty well so i asked the server for a sample of the blazin sauce and id have to say that it is pretty spicey but i feel like it was kind of hyped it was expecting it to be way more spicier so spicy where you cant taste if it is salty or flavored its just straight spicy.nnit was actually pretty good tasting i would try maybe one wing just to say that i tried it but i would suggest you do it after you try all the other flavors bc i tried blazin before everything else and everything else didnt seem spicy afterwards since your tastebuds are pretty muched seasoned to the spiciest one first . the  jerk was pretty spicy good it was an  reasonable kinda of spicy . blazin made the top of my nose sweat a little . hahahanngarlic parmasean pretty much tastes like garlic bread but in the chicken form . nnteryiaki was good bc it was nice and sweet and made the chicken kinda caramelized . asian pretty much tasted like sweet and sour sauce but with some chili pepper.nnmango jabanero wasnt as  as i thought it would be it was kinda good bc it was nice and sweet and mangoey . nnthe onion rings were pretty good it comes with liek a chipotle mayo sauce and the small size the portion size was pretty good for what you pay for . i  everything was resonably priced and tasted pretty good.nnthe restaurant is pretty big there is no wait and its open 24 hrs . they have tons of sports playing everywhere we stayed after our meal was over to watch the new american gladiators on the  projection screen only one that has sound . other screens are on mute . nnservice was good all the  are girls in t heir 20s in football jersey type shirts . pretty quick with your requets for more water when your mouth is on fire . nntheir dessert menu is not that great we opted not to get dessert there  c nothing sounded very tantalizing .
__label__neg pretty average sushi nothing too special . the restaurant was  empty on  night . we ordered multiple roles the best role whats a spicy tuna the   of  on top of each roll . ive had a lot better sushi at better prices but i guess this is what you can expect in  . at least i can  the fish  fresh
__label__neg do not waste your time with this place.n19 appetizer sampler was a total waste of money  nachos refried taquitos and a  manager named sandy who did absolutely nothing to rectify the situation . she did offer  a 10 gift certificate to patronize this business in the  and blamed the quality of food on their  party delivery service road runner . nni give this place a negative 5 stars .  your gift certificate sandy we will not be  in the futurennf
__label__pos these folks are  nice and accomodating . this is one of many  locations and i must say i get the same  of attention and hospitality at the various  i have been in . cancer is  a  thing but these guys try to  you feel comfortable as  as possible .
__label__pos family working so no thanksgiving dinner like everyone else and will get a meal this weekend . they arent  of the gobble so much either so i figured i should go  some turkey myself and cook what they would like for the feast . nni saw  that shucks right next door to my house was having a traditional thanksgiving meal . nnfor 10.95 i got a platter with 2 thick slices of turkey  potato stuffing green bean casserole dinner roll gravy and cranberry sauce . a  pie slice with whipped cream came with the meal . nnnow obviously nothing beats homemade but for a  and at that price it was pretty satisfying . the turkey wasnt dry green bean casserole wasnt  and held a bit of bite making them the stand out components and to me theyre my favorite parts of a traditional meal so i was happy with it . everything else was standard but solid.nni walked home full and thats all i can really ask for .
__label__neg dear  nthe donations seriously need to stop . one  i will lose my mind and security will have to be called to escort the  insane woman out of the building ... . nevery month theres a new cause im being asked to donate to . and the constant  with the little whoo at the end ... .ugh enough  people dont do mega overhaul shopping only once or twice a month . i dont need to be asked every time i come in to donate money . it definitely adds up.neither  the amount of charities you work with or  a do not ask option to customer accounts .
__label__neg i was in vegas and needed a hair cut . my hair cut is simple . same one ive had for about 13 yrs . 1 blended up fade . even on top . simple about 30 different asian ladies over the years some that dont speak great english can figure this one out . nnwhile waiting i noticed the stylist did not stop talking thats overrated to me and kept on talking about working out and fitness nnim up.nn i tell her what i want . shes seems to understand . right away she buzzes me all the way up with a number one . thats not blended . i try to slow her down very  and she says you know how long have you been asking for this hairstyle ... you know what you want ... let me do what i do . then she  to tell me a story about a guy that left in the middle of the haircut because he kept asking her questions . well apparently he was not crazy for that . nnshe ends up stepping my hair which is the opposite of what i want . she asks me where im from . i live in san leandro which is neighboring oakland . i just tell her by oakland since we are in vegas . she counters with wow i did not know white people lived there . i wanted to counter so many witty things that she would not have appreciated but i did not since she had clippers by my hair side note ... the two people you dont mess with ... barbers and  . nni had not  for a few days and she asks me what should i do with the sideburns . i said leave them i  to take care of them . then she clips them way high and said oh well im gon na do them because you guys never get them straight anyway . irony is she made them short and slantednnthen she asks if i put product in my hair . not often and i would rather not as i was going to run after this and shower . she goes well its what i do and  the equivalent of a quart of pennzoil on my jacked up head and gives me the ultimate db fohawk . i almost kicked my own a.nnshe then proceeded to tell me about her shoulder workout . she also  to educate me about fitness . side note ... .not to be mean but she is not a certified trainer by any means or equipped to drop this knowledge double side note ... .i am ... im a fit pe teacher ... ..but i just let her talk and i tried to be thankful i was almost done . nni hate that this is my first yelp review and plan to do 4 positives to even out this one but three weeks later i just looked at my hair and its growing out even worse . sorry  supercuts lady . maybe it was just a bad day for ya but we did not click . i also still tipped her 10 bucks but would not return .
__label__neg we have been going to madhouse coffee on eastern for about a year now . after getting stale pastries and  down coffee from the manager who works on saturdays i was concerned when two of their best employees left . nnwhen i called the store to find out when the owner was going to be at the eastern location i was unaware that the managers relative put my call on speaker phone so the manager could hear my comments without my permission . nnthe next day the manager confronted me in front of 10 customers and asked if i was the one who left a message to speak to the owner . i was not prepared for the conversation and nor did i want to voice my concerns to someone who was looking for a fight and in a crowded coffee shop.n  you dont care how hard you work for your money then you can continue buying your coffee fix from them . but if you want to be respected for your business then find another place to purchase your fix . this place does not  about customers since the manager was being confrontational with me in front of customers and  about the product being fresh . she cant even make a good cup of coffee . customers shouldnt be  to defend themselves if they have a problem with product they are paying for . nnside  the owner did  and try to make a mends but it was a little too late for that . with their  its not worth it .
__label__neg was  surprised to find a beautiful cribchanger combo . purchased it using the promo stated on their fb page for today 50 off of 100. however my experience at this store was ruined when they denied the sale of a  tricycoo for my nephew because my siblings had not liked the page before hand and therefore would not let them use the promo . it is not that they could not afford the 100 bike but why pay full price when there is a great promo right in front of their faces what really made no sense was the fact that they said yes we could use the promo then different managers got  one said they had to like the page which they then did but then got denied saying that they had to like it before they got to the store . correct me if im wrong but i dont see any fine print in that little promo on their fb do you basically they lost out on a sale where they could have made an extra 50 today all because of a policy that was made up right on the spot . i called to complain to a manager as my sister is not one for confrontation so i said i would wait and the manager tells me she needs to call me back . . . we will see if this actually happens . it was a 40 minute drive for us to get there and i was excited to see all they had to offer . unfortunately if i didnt have to pick my crib up when it comes in i would never waste my  there again.nnupdatennjust got a return call from the manager of the store . he has upset this 6 month pregnant woman by yelling at me to not  him while he was speaking which i did not say a word after he asked me and then kept saying go ahead go ahead very rudely when i yelled at him to give me the same courtesy . he also kept emphasizing how obvious it was that people could not like the page at the store . implying to me that we were stupid for thinking we could do that when the sales people said thats what they could do . he kept telling me that they could cancel my order which is not what i had asked for . its almost as if he wanted me to cancel . so now that i am so upset after hanging up on that jerk i thought about it canceled my order and will purchase this crib elsewhere . we gave it a shot it was a cute store but after the long drive and the rude phone call from the manager i am  . nni would like to say however that our sales person i didnt catch her name was very nice and i have nothing  to say about her .  you for your help . you were very sweet .
__label__pos  anytime  i  to the one on rainbow . have a great personal trainer named nate if anyone is  for one . there is never a  of people here so theres always machines  to use . theres  for 20 a  if you want to use that . only downside of this location is no showers .
__label__pos      .    .
__label__neg  fremont street ... a nice little slice of reno in vegas . all the casinos were build  before they developed modern ventilation systems so all the casinos reek of smoke old  and pee . more than its fair share of shady characters . worst of all the garages  parking ... .validation is easy but doesnt  much  when you can park free at the wynn but have to  to play at binions . go if you must but  your expectations low ...
__label__neg how to reenact the fremont experience in your hotel roomnnmaterials n1 .  n2 . hands preferably yours and attached to body n3 . comforter cover or just a dark roomn4 . computer screen saver preferrednndirectionsn1 . turn off  or  yourself with comforter n2 . turn on flashlightn3 . make shadow puppets n4 . skip 2 and 3 if  screen saver preferred n5 . make some kind of   when you do the puppet shownnunless youre already on fremont st. dont make the extra trip here . also the fremont hotel doesnt have self parking only  .
__label__neg so i just got a email from yelp hq that people are reporting me about this review for being an asshole.nni am a asshole . go read my other reviews . however i am also telling the truth and as any asshole should do i should instigate and provokenni come to imagine that the average individual who wrote complaints about me for this creepnest is a straight up fucking loser . you know a homeless cranksmoking shit bag that kicks it with the unwashed juggalos next to the djrock n roll stand across from the plaza casino . n naka someone who doesnt even have a job . and probably makes it a lifelong occupation to instigate fights along fremont street so they can get a misdemeanor battery charge for some free chow at the clark county detention center . nntwo  ago i was outside the griffin bar on fremont just sipping on my beer and enjoying a cigarette . then this scumbag bitchmade  white dude with nerd glasses and white dr. dre beats headphones comes up to me screaming fuck you fuck all of you and fuck me like a broken  . nnas soon as i heard fuck you i immediately whipped around to face him in the eyes . motherfucker immediately said fuck me etc and blahblahblah . he was creeping out this set of girls outside of  too until they finally gave him the simutaneous silent treatment . nnunfortunately thats pretty  the end of the  . unbelieveable . usually fights on at this point . but i guess the bouncers at the griffin also found him to be harmless and in many ways pathetic.nnupdate nnso there is a stabbing on fremont street that happened about two days ago . thank you for proving my point that fse is not safe for kids and not safe for tourists as long as people like timothy dudley 31 years old are hanging out on that eight block stretch of methheads . nntourists should type timothy dudley vegas in google to pull up the article . its about a habitually lying juggalo who got butthurt that some guy didnt give him change for crack money maybe meth money . so he threatened to beat his ass and a fight continued to escalate from there until dudley pulled out a knife and stabbed the victim in the chest severing a huge artery that needed 15 pints of blood to replace . nnduring the arrest mr. dudley in his methpowered rampage bashed his head repeatedly against the confines of the squad car causing parts of the cage and windows to fall off . nni actually  and knew this fuck . not on good terms .
__label__pos  local jointsnnyes  has   and trader joes and sprouts markets but why go to them when you have fantastic farmers markets with  and ca grown organic and sustainable produce every day of the week except mondays right now ... and you have rainbows end for everything else . supplements bulk goods and mores ... nnthey also have a nice inhouse restaurant that makes fresh juices i am a regular for their nonsweet green juice with a splash of lemon.nnthey also have a large eating area where they often have classes and meetups . their meetup is here httpwww.meetup.comwholeway
__label__neg not sure . walked in place looked semideserted .  down waiter  our drinks then 20  later we left without ordering . seems like a  out of the way  now that everything else has been built up so  around it . again a   of affairs in the local economy .
__label__pos what how on earth could this location be  this is a staple  we visit fremont street in vegas from the glow of the neon lights this place is everything vegas to me . nnive actually only ever eaten their  krispy kreme  but thats quite  enough for me.nni  when i come back to fremont street that ill find them  up in another spot on the 
__label__neg first i have used enterprise rentacar many times and perhaps this is just the service at this specific location ... but it was an  experience.nnit started with having to contact this enterprise office multiple times to have them pick me up from a body repair shop where my vehicle was being repaired . nnonce i was picked up and taken to this office it took nearly half an hour before i was processed to pick up a vehicle that had been reserved for me by an insurance carrier . they informed me i had been approved for a full size car but they were going to upgrade me to an suv.nnwhen they took outside to inspect my vehicle i was shocked to see this dodge  pull up . the  has as filthy as the inside . the agent said it must have  a little rain on it ... or more like it was following a muddy tractortrailer rig in a storm . pure dirt.nnbecause it was already so late and i did not want to return to the room full of other customers all waiting for a rental i drove the vehicle off their lot to work . the inside was disgustingly dirty with stains on the doors on the cloth seats and it smelled like a wet cat and cigarettes . ughnnthe transmission sounded like it was going to fall apart as a raw grinding sound was  when  . when it was  it reminded me of an older  engine.nnif i had to personally pay for this rental i would have chosen another vehicle rental company.nnwhat a disappointment .
__label__neg not sure why my yelp review got deleted took my car in for  inspection the service guy  his name was very  to me . never coming back . i think because i had an older acura car he  me with no respect and no class . i believe if i walked in with a  new acura tl or  he would of  me some respect but it was an integra . this is my first yelp so this was  to me .
__label__pos 24hours drivethru  ... and dyum  blt wegg breakfast sandwiches d. my weekly weekend treat
__label__neg the  velvet  were  and  and  were over cooked and bland..  not 
__label__neg umm i  a spa in vegas would be the best especially at the  ... but i was sadly mistaken . the facility was not all that very  and not very quiet in the quiet room . robes were not plush and the pockets were sewn shut whats up with that and the slippers  my feet . burke  totally kicks canyon ranchs butt massage was  but pretty  at 150 for their most basic massage . all in all i would have rather gambled the 150 while sitting at a slot machine to get my quiet  .
__label__neg   back and  a really   leather and fur coat but upon purchasing i asked the cashier what kind of fur it was he told me it was fauxpony fur . for 400 absolutely not . whoever runs this place needs to wake up and ditch the faux leather and fur . its awful how does it make sense to wear plastic instead of natural leather or fur it just doesnt . ive spent already 1200 on  coats with them but this time i was  disappointed i wont go  .
__label__pos  wait time  sunday afternoonnnfood time after ordering 5mins for appetizers 3540 min for entrees . nnfood quality 5 out of 5nnwaiter 5 out of 5 nnme and my girlfriend walked in on a   before our long trip home to california . it was our first time there so we had no idea what to expect . it was a bit busy and they do not have much room for waiting . the wait time to be seated was relatively short for the amount of people there . we were able to get our drinks and appetizers really quick after ordering . the problem was the entrees taking too long . the food was really great for a chain restaurant with the enchiladas being the best ive had in a long  . the waiter was great and was keeping us up to date about our food . overall great restaurant with good food but get four stars due to long food  times and poor waiting area .
__label__pos fitting to write a review of fat tuesday on fat tuesday so here it isnnit doesnt matter what day of the week it is everyday is a good day for a  tuesday.nnneedless to say one yard dog is more than enough to guarantee you a good time . thanks to jaymie s. my  drink here was a 190 octane with 2 shots of everclear . a total of  shots . it was quite the struggle to finish it once it came down to the last bit but it wasnt too bad prior to that . just make you do a lot of stirring and just inhale your drink like no other .  past the brain  and youre good to go plus your taste buds will thank you for it later.nnmy  each had our own yard dog and lets just say we were all giddy and giggly for the next  of hours.nnbe warned . these babies sneak up on you but thank them they bring you a bundle of fun .
__label__pos having never been to vegas to drink my friends took me here and boy oh boy was i in for a treat.nnim not much of a drinker but taking the advice that the only way to really experience vegas is to constantly drink . after getting lobster me next door i came over here to get a yard sticknnthe cool thing i  about here is the  and how they served it how unique and their service phenomenal being patient and informative nnanyways i opted for the  octane its kind of strong but  it was good get it with an extra shot or maybe even two and itll definitely be differentnnother then that i couldnt explain the taste but all i could  was next time i come back i guess ill get another one
__label__neg   on suit  in   .    . never again . there has to be better places that wont leave stuff dirty and ruined . stay away and find another place if you like your clothes
__label__neg  . the burrito was  the  was gummy and it was all rice with all the salsa and   only on  side . awful doesnt even  it .
__label__neg i got the groupon for this place shocker and decided to use it one  evening when i wasnt in the mood to cook another shocker . nnthe location is nice enough and the employees are friendly . i ordered the chicken yakisoba bowl and my fella ordered the sweet and spicy chicken bowl . we also shared an order of gyoza.nnmy  were slightly dry and not   for the price . my  enjoyed his but i  it was just too sweet and not enough spice . the gyoza was nothing memorable.nnoverall the place is just ok and if not for the groupon i think i wouldve felt a little cheated on the price . i probably wont be a regular here but i can see it being a good goto place for an after the gym dinner .
__label__pos the food is always fresh and the  are nice  . the    are a must . the  and   are always on point .
__label__neg attended a week long family reunion here for remembrance of my father who passed away . our plans were to enjoy the pool and lazy river share meals in our room and split up at times to pursue local and far away attractions as smaller groups . for the most part the place is ok and ill try to be concise but please read on for a summary of safety concernsrisk management.nnprosn service staff friendly and accommodatingn pool and grounds pleasant and charming in a cheesy but cool wayn cleann onsite dennys convenient for quick mealsn communal bbq area well set up if you dont mind communaln evening poolside movie for families was neatnnmixed feelingsn scantily clad hotties serving drinks poolside i mean its vegas and all but a bit more than id say ok to with kids aroundn poolside music pretty loud over the weekend plugging ears on that side of lazy river every time we passed by was much more pleasant and lowkey mid weeknnconsn no wifi in rooms had to go to 10th floor lounge for internet access and was booted out one evening due to private engagement set up while i was uploading pictures . i understand the need to generate funds but the limited amount of internet access should be available at all times ... or ... why not inroom like other placesn mora room definitely cavelike and pull out bed  only good for kids due to  privacy . ok for quick weekend stays but wouldnt want to spend a week in there again.n kids in pool very rowdy and not reeled in by lifeguards or staff . one 14 yroldish bully kept whacking the water on the  with a flotation noodle in order to intimidate younger kids around him . many kids including my 7 yr old daughter were terrified . worse this prompted other kids to start doing the same . while not more horrible than the classic towel snap i considered it a safety issue since it was so close to kids faces and since i do not condone bullying . this got so carried  that myself and several other folks and kids got out of the pool . i mean wheres the parents but also where the lifeguards i held out as long as i could assuming someone would say something but no one did . the lifeguards sat around apathetic to the cause.n my biggest beef my 76 yr old mom had an accident while exiting the pool and opened up a 3 long deep laceration in her shin to the bone . due to her age and health issues this was a serious injury . i extensively trained in first aid provided initial assessment and stabilization of my mom and the scene then called the lifeguard who blew a whistle in the direction of the towel shack . a girl came over and i explained the situation and asked her what their protocol was in this accident situation . she gave me a dumb look shrugged her shoulders and i said hey were tourists here i dont know where the medical facilities are and she clearly needs stitches . she disappeared . at this point security came over and started asking simple questions and tried to talk us out of calling 911 saying she doesnt need stitches . at this point i instructed my sister to call 911. with no other resort staff presence or response i provided continued first aid on my mom to control bleeding and  my mom until the emts showed up . eventually staff showed up with a bag of ice and a 4 sterile dressing . like what am i supposed to do with this ... .she has an open and deep laceration so ice is useless and with no bandage material so is a dressing . luckily the emts promptly showed up and i turned my mom over to them . the only other staff response was the same dumb girl came back with gloves on for the biohazards materials and the security guy asked for our names and a statement . nnthe good side of the story is my mom required 20 stitches but is fine . the bad side of the story is that i feel tahiti village showed no organised incident response procedures no basic first aid abilities and a strong  to cover their own asses by downplaying my moms situation and asking for statements in the heat of the moment . coupled with my other poolside safety concerns here along with full access to liquor at the pool leads me to have strong concerns over risk management and incident response at this resort . use extreme caution and judgement on poollazy river use because you are apparently on your own if something comes up . what if i didnt have first aid skills which includes accident assessment and action plan components what if we didnt call 911 we even asked where the local hospital was and they had no answer for mennwhile tahiti village was an ok place otherwise and would have gotten 3 stars from me the lack of incident managements plans and training leaves me with a sour taste of whats likely a small window into the much bigger picture of this resort in general . use with caution .
__label__neg i was waiting for 10 minutes in the drivethru the girl finally comes over and checks on my script . she tells me that its not  and i tell her that my doc called it in before noon it was currently 6pm when i was there . she says we just  it in . do you want to wait a couple of minutes and drive back around or wait inside . mind you that i am   that is why i chose the drivethru . however i went inside and waited in a ten people deep line . she calls me up and i  my crap and leave . as i was driving away i saw the promised time on my  1246pm she  to my face because she skimmed through the pile and didnt  it nnevery single time i go there i wait more than ten minutes theres at least five people working in the back
__label__pos walking out of albertsons at 6pm after scouring the isles for those few  and ends needed for that awesome meal that i am planning on making and ... well ... we noticed the glowing lights of china joy we both did not want to sit in an  tonight so we grabbed a menu and noticed that they deliver . we  into the  and decided to take advantage of the delivery option . i am all about the sesame chicken and the wife wanted to be hooked up with the honey walnut shrimp . they give you a large white rice with every entree which is a ton of  . the sesame chicken and the honey walnut shrimp have been moved into our top  for delivery or  out chinese food . i  have given the fifth star but i have not tried anything else there ... .yet .
__label__neg have eaten here couple of times ... nothing too special to rave about we just like the  and it fills our tummy ... the  is sometimes ridiculous but what do you  of vegas lol ... one time we decided to sit at the bar because waiting for a table   pretty long and we were both starving ... the bar tender was  friendly to the guy eating  to us but ignored us the whole  ... so minus 3 stars .
__label__neg this review is for 10.29.2014.nwalking this spacious environment my friend and i were happier and more  after great  . ni  to reload my card . the agent zik i am not sure about the spelling of his name was impatient and didnt know how to reload the card . he had to ask 2 other agents for the processing . nwe presented the  code for 25 off via the  with my cell and again he  to process it . after a while of wait he told us he couldnt enter the code . without asking for supervisors help he looked at us and said no . he was obviously not willing or intended to help even we were the only customers in line . we sensed that waiting any longer wouldnt do any good but ruin our day .  were no smiles or greetings no asking my name or choice on the milk and no name on my cup the entire wait or purchase.na beautiful dayoff with  hanging out with friends just ruined by him .
__label__pos always have a great experience here .  i have more than   to use so ill  advantage of a two  andor a  . welltrained staff with a clean environment . its so  to home and convenient .
__label__pos this is one of my favorite pizza places in town . pizza is delicious and so are the  wings . i like the  it feels like a family owned pizzeria not one of those commercial  places . its  cool when the actual seattle dan takes your order makes your order and  your order . had  but  service everytime i order . i have and will continue to  seattle dans for those looking for awesome pizza .
__label__pos we had my auntys 80th bday party here saturday night we had a group of about 36. this is located inside the golden nugget in downtown las  . it was a  dinner course i had the breaded chicken with  cant remember the name w a caesar salad and dessert strawberry cheesecake . service was excellent here we had 4 people catering to us and all four of them were outstanding my other aunt and i were the special ones at the table cause on my meal i didnt want mushrooms and artichokes mixed with the sauce on my chicken so the guy put the special order for me and my aunt didnt want the strawberry cheesecake or the chocolate cake that we had to choose from so the guy brought her ice cream instead . another thing was i dropped one of my med  it was a very small white round pill so as i looking under the table for it with flashlight and all the girl waitress came over got on all floors to look for it  beyond the call of duty we couldnt find it luckily i had extra . she was a trooper going  the table and all . i would definitely come back here to eat again . overall great food and great to see family that came from ohio texas and  . sorry no pics i chowed down my food so  lol .
__label__neg    . ac  down thursday   friday morning they had only a monday availability . turns out the repairman said he was free on saturday not only that now they want to rediagnose and come out again on  a week with no  in las vegas the dispatchers are horrible serve is horrible expect nothing but the worst if you have to use them.. i plan on canceling my first american home buyers protection warranty as well .
__label__neg this place looks nice and clean and the initial triage nurse was very good and quick . it went downhill from there . i have  top of the line insurance and still paid 35 for this unsatisfactory visit . i noticed swelling in my ankles 2 weeks ago after working out . it wasnt from a fall or injury . the swelling never went down . i left light headed a few times afterward . my leg felt sensations and slight pain that was deep insidenot near the surface or muscles.nn i am the type as a highly educated person to investigate my symptoms . i will go to multiple respected web site and put in the symptoms . i sense that my issue was deep vein thombrosisdvt which is a  clot in the leg . yesterday it felt as the sensation moved up to my thigh deep inside like a clot so i went to this place . nnthe doctor that saw me had a habit of leaving the room doors open so you could here the entire conversation . i listened to the people next door . he them saw me and asked what was wrong . to his defense he seemed  and forced to rush from one person to the next . i told him the symptoms and what i thought . he completely discounted it and order up x rays . they were taken and the tech told me had i injured my self i told him there was no fall or injury that it felt to be deep inside . i said the x rays were a waste of time . back in the room i sat for about 45 60 minuteswithout anyone checking on me.nni finally  a nurse . she came back and told me the doctor was looking at the x rays.i think he was on lunch since it was around noonish which is fine just get someone to tell me or help me . anyways surprise the x rays are completely negativewaste of time and money . i am given anti inflammatorys . when walking me out the  goes over the drugs in the hallway . besides the prescription for my leg i had a prescription for a personal matter which she talks about in the hallway example well sir take  . with a full meal type stuff.nni went to the pharmacy and the knowledgeable pharmacist told me that if i have dvt the medicine is all wrong . she told me the anti inflammatorys should so noticeable reduction in swelling in 2 days . it has been 2 days . the  has hardly gone down i still have the pain in my thigh and i dont think i will ever use this facility again . btw the prescription is making me want to vomit .
__label__pos  joes i am so glad i had a craving for seafood while i was in vegas for st. pattys day my senior year of college . otherwise we might never have even met the seafood here is incredible . my girls and i ordered a few drinks appetizers and a few mains for us to share for a fancy lunch . ummm key lime pie martini where the hell have you been all my life most delicious martini ever with a graham cracker crust around the rim of my glass each sip felt like i was  pie i could tell right then and there that things were going to get better . for an  i chose the tiger shrimp cocktail ... pretty sure they were from the gulf but omg they were huge like 2 inches thick and 5 inches long huge and so sweet none of that  fishy seawater taste at all . honestly the best shrimp cocktail i have ever had in my life . for our main we split a few orders of the famous stone crab legs . damn those things were huge i was a little disturbed with the fact that these crabs are kept alive by only having one arm taken off at a time as you know crabs can regenerate lost limbs but once i put that giant piece of  chilled crab flesh in my mouth ... .. all of that was forgotten . well until the end of the meal that is haha . guilt pangs came later . it was so delicious . still ... i cant believe that this isnt considered animal cruelty i mean i  its a crab ... but its a living thing . having your  ripped off isnt a peach even if you can grow it back im sure poor crabbies . ahh why do they have to be so  there i go again feeling guilt ... . sniff .
__label__neg i have been coming to the las vegas location since they opened and i  today was my last  . its mothers day and we  to  dinner early but wanted dessert from joess its become one of our las vegas  . so being mothers day i called ahead of time and asked if i needed reservations tonight just for dessert . i spoke with not one but two employees on the phone and both confirmed that i would be ok coming in with my party of 5. we make the trek on foot with 2 people in wheelchairs from paris hotel and casino where we are staying . and then they  us at the door that we can not get seated because were only having dessert and they are still busy . but that we can take it to go . sooo frustrated that our mothers day celebration had to end like this . the seating host easily dismissed us and i didnt  the lack of customer service .
__label__pos ive been to this location and the location in chicago a few times and has been a home run each timeni will say that i tried joes scallops this time and wasnt a  fan . i dont like the flour dusted layer on them . i loooooove the taste of scallops and felt it took  from the great  . but otherwise  else at the table was soooo goooodnnmy mom had the  sole which had tremendous table side service . they fileted the fish right at the table and not a single bone to be foundnngreat wine list too nwe reserved through open table and very lucky we did the place was rammed by 530pm definitely recommend 
__label__pos amazing great food great service . we had the stone crab which was  i had a filet mignon which was  perfectly . the only complaint i have is that it doesnt  like a nice   atmosphere . two  up .  the stone crab
__label__pos cool  . i had it a 3star and then changed it to a 4star . great view . not extremely  drinks .  cool scene . if you  at the hotel you get in free . i  call in  to  and get on some list .
__label__neg we went to mix with a party of eight to celebrate my friends  birthday . while the views and the interior of the restaurant were amazing the food and service left much to be desired . to  with the  didnt ask if wed prefer to sit inside or outside . we ended up sitting outside ... the  and the altitude began to make us all feel nauseated . i also made the mistake of wearing heels to the  ... the floor of the patio was like a deck and my heel kept getting stuck in the floor . also every time someone walked by the table it felt like the floor was shaking wish i would have known to bring dramamine to dinner . when the waiter came to our table he asked if we had a show to attend . we should have said yes as this might have lead to quicker  . we ended up not ordering wine or cocktails for the table due to the nausea and the waiter seemed to write our table off . after we placed our food order it took an hour for dinner to come . while the food when it did come wasnt terrible it definitely wasnt worth the 90person we ended up spending . the waiter didnt come to check on us at all throughout the meal . he even spent 20 minutes flirting with some girls at the table next to us while we were waiting for our bill . when we complained to the manager at the end of the meal he asked why we didnt come speak with him since he was outside the whole time . i dont know about your experiences but in other restaurants the manager usually circulates and checks on each table themselves rather than waiting for diners to come up to them . one of the worst dining experiences ive ever had . i will definitely not be   to mix .
__label__neg the food is good but the  is  . two hours forgot drinks  food took too long to  after  drinks and dessert . yet they still added a twenty percent tip wtf i was only with 6 people . we were very un impressed by the wait  and servers . great view nice atmosphere but wont be  . too many other great  in the area .
__label__pos love this place . the view  service and food were phenomenal . prefix  came with lots of compliments from the  as well . on point probably one of the  restaurants in  ... and the  in the  are a definite  .
__label__pos we always find  when we  to this outlet  .  at the   and  great shorts for 9.99 a  .
__label__pos great food  service..thats chicago style at tasty dogs that what i got great  to eat ... and if you where anything chicago you get a discountnvery nice faces when you walk in . many people miss that chicago feel and  taste .  on the wall represent the city and the culture well . if you  in  you have to stop by and grab a dog and dress it the  you want .
__label__pos   .  very  .  waitress.ngyros and  souvlaki phenomenal . pita and hummus fresh light and tasty .
__label__neg  sugary krispy kreme   . nncon not fresh enough . nncame here after the first day of ces for  goodness before dinner time was a bit disappointed by the fact that this location was only a drop off location but the service was fast especially have we would tired as hell . nnwould come back again if around this side of the strip but still not beats fresh   .
__label__neg who still buys books anymorenand who in their right mind  to read one in las vegas when you can be doing so much morennlowly raising handnni  books and have delusions of finding rare literature at some random bookstore.nanywho we were at  joes when i noticed this place and  i wanted something to read i thought id give this place a chance.nnwe were greeted by a nice couple who directed  to the fiction section.nthe place reminded more of my library in grade school than it did a  . nno luck on finding any interesting fiction to read and no rare  but i did find plenty of danielle steele novels.narent i luckynnoverall i think ill just visit the library out here .
__label__neg the worst ll in  . the  was so dirty i couldnt believe i was in a restaurant because my mechanic had a cleaner  . if i wasnt late and  i would have went somewhere else . the bbq chicken was no where near the best ll i have had . sad because a location  that should be a cash cow for the owners im  it was dead because of the cleanliness .
__label__neg   service ever.nni dropped my watch off on a thursday and the clerk said it would be about 20 to repair and it would be done by tomorrow . little did i know that i would receive it 2 weeks later and be charged more than twice the amount he specified.nni came back the next day only to find nobody at the store even though it was well before closing . my guess is that they were on a lunch break but didnt bother letting anyone know when they would be back . so i came back monday and he said they sent the watch out to another guy to get repaired . he said to try calling tomorrow . i waited an extra day and called on wednesday and he told me to try calling on friday . this went on for another week of me having to continuously call the store and having the same clerk tell me it would be done the next day only to have him tell me the same thing.nni do not mind if the repair would take a week or two but if it does just let me know straightaway instead of telling me lies constantly and putting it off.nnfinally i asked him what was going on and to give me a definite date . so i came in on the second saturday since i  off the watch and had to wait for it to be delivered . after it came in he charged me 45 when he initially said 20. i mentioned this to him and he said he normally charges 75 instead . at this point i just wanted to pay and get out of there as soon as possible.nnthe  itself has been repaired and works fine now but i would not recommend this place to anyone because of the service . you can get the same thing done with better  elsewhere .
__label__pos  great job today on my wifes prius i  into the garage and my   youre a  .  you for making her new car new again i will definitely  my friends  about you .
__label__neg arizona charlies was recommended to us by family who live in vegas . we came for their wedding and they told us this place was a good deal . this was how i learned we were the black sheep of the family because there is no way i would tell even my worst  to ever step foot in this place.nevery casinohotel in vegas has a smoky atmosphere but in this place you can feel the gritty cigarette smoke that hangs in the unfiltered air . the front desk staff are apathetic if not necessarily rude . you have to give your room  to security before you can get into the elevator not because they are so upscale as to offer added security but because only psychopaths and desperate people come here and desperate people will probably try to break into your room at some point to steal whatever they can get their hands on.nthe beds were uncomfortable but the rooms were clean at least . my requested wakeup call came through even though when i called at 2 a.m. to request a 6 a.m. wakeup call the operator laughed at me like i was insane which i was not to pack up and leave the moment our taxi  pulled up to this hellhole.na word on the food which everyone points to as the reason to ever come here the  is horrendous dont do it . the cafe has a great burger and fries special with your players club card you dont actually have to play the card is free for about 2 dollars at 3 in the morning you can take all your siblings and their kids to the cafe for the 3.99 ham and eggs one players card for every 4 people will ensure everyone gets this rockin deal and no one will leave  though the potatoes were cold once and the ham is salty . still i think id rather have paid a lot more for food and stayed someplace where i wasnt worried about what i would catch walking down the hall to my room.nall in all i will never  my family for suggesting this place and i actually may never go back to vegas because all the glitz and glamour in the  will not be able to erase the traumatic memories i have of that city now . thanks a lot arizona charlies . noh but if i do go back i will  full advantage of the free drinks cocktail waitresses bring you when you are sitting at a machine not even playing but just waiting for the rest of your party to come down so you can leave . free pina coladas at 8 in the morning is the only way i made it through this weekend .
__label__neg i ordered 2  chilli cheese fries off the  she  me . 5.99 ea . gave a 20 she gave 3 and some change . i  her and she  the prices are higher now . thats ridiculous i told her i have never been here before . she must of saw the  plates and tried to charge more . i took back my  and left . nobody tries to rip me off . 
__label__pos where  inside the   mall.nnwhen 10am9pm monday through saturday . 10am8pm sunday.nnwhy to get your louis v fix on.nnwhat firstly i would like to state that this is one of the smaller louis vuitton stores in las vegas . there isnt a huge selection like there is inside the wynn and the forum shops but itll do . the advice id give is if you know what youre looking for call them in advance to check if the item you have is there.nnthats what i did and when i showed up to pick it up i was completely satisfied . as my mom and i walked  the store the doorman greeted us so kindly . one of the employees immediately asked us if we needed any help . i knew what i wanted and he gladly helped me make my decision . he gave such wonderful choices and knew about each of the pieces i asked about . i love someone who knows their productnnso to end this in a good way ... customer service was grade a five stars and a thumbs up d
__label__neg the gates to the property are open all the timethey should be closed.4 apartments broken into 23 weeks agothe management didnt even warned the tenants to turn on all the  the alarm so 34 days ago another 2 apartments were  into.the  doesnt give a rats a about it claiming its not their responsibility to check the gateswere living in your house and youre telling us is not  to check the gatesndont feel like at least warn your tenants about what is going on on your propertyncovington there is only one way you can go and that one is downnthank you but no  you
__label__pos       and very efficient.nni like that there system remembers your previous orders so it makes ordering very quick . nnthe one item that is memorable is that i ordered online once and under special instructions i asked them i wish my son a happy birthday and they really did it my son was so happy they drew a cake and all on the box
__label__pos thank you  . not for introducing me to another good restaurant but for introducing me to new friends who introduced me to a good restaurant . i tend to not be the most available individual but robyn and kevin l. have been very patient with me . after a few failed get together attempts we finally met at frank and finas for dinner . nni have had this on my  for a few months and was happy to try  new . of course i fell victim to the infamous sweet potato enchiladas 10.25 and a margarita on the rocks with salt 5.75. two nice size tortilla  filled with mashed sweet potatoes caught me off guard with the natural  like flavor . after a few more bites i adjusted and they were delicious . i was also able to taste robyns guacamole and kevins queso fundido . both were good . the first might be bland for some but i  eat a whole guacamole with nothing else so that did not  me . the cheese dip was fantastic . served with soft flour tortillas you will need more to get all of the melty goodness . it would be a sin to waste anynnif a good meal is not enough bring some friends along because it is a chill atmosphere . throughout dinner we were checked upon but it did not interfere with conversation . the quiet setting is perfect for dates or catching up .
__label__pos this is the most selfinflicted adrenaline ive felt since bungee jumping.nnfirst let me say that guns scare the crap out of me . i dont even like being near a police officer with a holstered weapon ... so walking into a shop full of assault rifles is like my adult version of a  movie . still i was with 5 other guys who were up for the adventure so i got hold of my nerves and jumped into the breach.nnwe paid 110 each for some version of a party  that gave each of us the chance to shoot a a  full on each of 4 different machine guns and b 2 rounds from a 50 caliber desert eagle handgun . for all those boys and girls out there who grew up with plastic guns or even shooting a rifle out somewhere at a range its fair to say that this is in a whole different league.nnfor the machine guns we chose the uzi mac10 m5 and grease gun . the m5 and grease gun were scarily easy and accurate to shoot whereas the uzi and mac10 felt a bit more wild but were fun just because they show up so often in the gangster movies.nnthe desert eagle handgun was intense . im not a big guy so this thing felt like i could barely hang onto it . still we were able to shoot it with remarkable accuracy and the whole thing just served as a good reminder that its awfully easy to kill people with guns.nnlet me also give credit where its due to the guys who run this place . when i first heard about shooting machine guns in vegas i started to imagine a bunch of drunk guys all standing next to one another with loaded weapons and well the potential for very bad things . that is not what really happens here . on the saturday we were in the center was staffed by four very friendly but experienced exservicemen who make it clear that they have been around the block a few times . out on the range we were only with our 6 friends and we were accompanied by  staff members one of whom is assigned to each weapon . they also stand right behind the the active weapon with a hand up in a gesture thats comforting to both the shooter and those around him . nni think it would be easy and probably natural for the staff here to  down on us yuppie types from ny and sf but we never felt that . to me that in itself was impressive.nnand last but not least dave the guy who id guess to be the owner regaled us with his personal stories shooting each of these weapons in active duty e.g . oh you think that 50 caliber is loud in there one time i was being chased down an alleyway in sierra leone when ... nnin any event this is a fantastic option for those looking to branch beyond the casino while in vegas . so head on in and hear the rest of daves stories for yourself .
__label__neg first lisa r. from customer service who contacts everyone last  you contacted me due to an unauthorized procedure at another banfield after you said to call usyour response was and exactly what do you want us to do about it you got a free procedureso dont bother with a response.nni went in about two weeks ago and spoke to allie . she quoted me  for a spay double if she was in season plus 12 for a rabies and about 40 for an office visit . great . booked.nntoday i brought my pet in before workand the bill was 170. i asked for them to check that again and they didbringing back a bill of over three hundred dollars  i believe.nnnearly 400 for a spay for a dog not in  and a rabies shot not including ecollar or pain meds had my own.nnexcuse mennoh when theyre over 6 months old spays are much more . the  girl behind the counter was being deathstared . i was told 108. she said i had been misquoted and that if she was under 6 months it may have been . um ... i told them she was not six months and on the paperwork alone it says 8 months . this is a 45 pound dog not a full grown lab . and when allie had talked to us about that wellness plan we had  gone over numbers so it was not a misquote . someone is yanking our chain . nni was told the manager would not be in till noon . at noon no answer . at three i was told she was out until tomorrow.nnnever again and i am sharing this with every single  i can . be careful and check and double check . banfield is a rip off .
__label__neg this has to be the worst place to bring you  for ortho first off you make an appointment and they  see see you for over an  but if your late they make you reschedule . the otho dr. she will not even speak to if you ask questions she walks away and gets her staff to come talk to you . and the new ortho  she is very rude and unprofessional everytime you  a question the first  out of her mouth is you can go  else . this place is a  stay away far far away
__label__neg this store by far  the most unintelligent unhelpful and blatantly rudelazy staff ive ever seen in the kroger family of stores . nni  had a selfcheck cashier who was too lazy to push a single button to clear my screen for me and kept insisting that i wait for her to finish her social conversation while lying to me and claiming she was helping some man that she wasnt talking to ... she was instead gossiping with two other customersfriends of hers . nnof course i get stuck with such incompetence while ive got meat in my car  at 110 degrees . not only did she refuse to do her job but she refused to page a manager and then attempted to incite a fight between myself and another customer . after i went and  the manager i returned to find the woman gossiping about me to another customer who wasnt even involved . nnspoke with the store director the next day . explained the situation was informed that it was not the first time this woman had behaved poorly and not followed procedure ... yet shes still working there a month or two later . she also  to have a penchant for sticking her nose in everyone elses business because every time i see her shes gossiping with someone about someone else in the store or about other  . nnthanks but ill take my business elsewhere . dont need that shit when im trying to buy some groceries .
__label__pos my parents and i were walking around chinatown when we stumbled upon this  restaraunt and it was delicious . the prices were very low ... where  can you find a  veggie sandwich for under 4.50. my entire family are vegetarians so we ordered a few different dishes and sandwiches to share . my favorite sandwiches are the egg and ham sandwich and the crispy chicken sandwich . the pork shred  are delicious with the crispy pork shred . dad order a beef noodle  and said it was good but not great . nnwere not from the area so whenever im in  without my family ill pick up a few sandwiches to  home for them.nnalthough i do speak mandarin whenever i go without my parents ill speak english to the ladies its just more comfortable for me that way and they havent yet messed up my order .
__label__pos  food    and a nice  experience.nnthe  was tasty with what seems to be a focus on healthiness . several items come with egg whites but are super tasty nna 1015 minute trip from the strip . its  to see normal prices.nnfood 910nservice 810ncleanliness 910nprices 7.5 10
__label__neg the  few times that ive been here have just been bad . the first few times the kid with  on skates doesnt  how to be professional or at least customer service  . he talked  on the speaker phone calling me a g and the next time we came the same guy  me fat joking or not i dont appreciate it . then last night a different worker was leaving he asked me and my  if we had a stogie . this sonic is just not what i  to experience .
__label__neg i started out super excited about this limo company . they were reasonably priced and they had a really cool dodge challenger limo they really were great as my wedding day started out because we were running late of course and the limo driver was super patient and waited for us we had  two separate times because it was cheaper than way so we had a different driver on the way to the ceremony and on the way to the reception . it was the second driver that i had a problem with . we got into the limo and noticed that he was taking a very odd route . he was going in directions completely opposite of where we needed to be going . he then took surface streets for about  minutes and then decided to  on the freeway . he got off on the wrong  and took us up some more surface streets . we finally arrived  but glad to be there and the driver approached me stating that we exceeded our time by 20 minutes therefore we would have to pay them for an  . that doesnt make any sense . the  was going to be over 100 i was so mad because the reason we went over is because he was purposely trying to extend our time by going the wrong way i argued with him about it and he eventually just got into his  and drove away . i would really think twice about using this company
__label__neg after several years of driving by new china and thinking to myself i should go try that place out i finally made the leap and got some takeout.nnim wishing i would have just kept driving by like every other day.nnthe girls working at the counter were very sweet and  my questions the  came out at lightening speed . i got home excited with the notion that i may have finally discovered the long awaited chinese takeout that ive been missing . but as bono sang ... i  havent found what im looking for.nnthe vegetable chow mein had old   and an offtaste . we didnt finish it and thats a rarity . the buddhas delight was just as bad . too much zucchini and all the vegetables were soggy not fresh and drowning in a  buttery tasting sauce.nnthis place has received good reviews from other yelpers so maybe if you are ordering meat  dishes it is better . or maybe i caught them on a really off day . whatever the deal is what we ordered was not good .
__label__pos nicest ladies  dry cleaners .    clothes.always  on  .
__label__neg i honestly have absolutely no idea how this place has such a high  . i am positive it wasnt just the experience or the person that i had the place was just bad nni went for a pedicure and it was the worst pedicure of my entire life . when i think of a pedicure chair i think of one of those nice cushy massaging pedicure chairs with the attached tub . ive had varying degrees of newness cleanliness and comfortableness with those pedicure chairs but never in my life have a had a pedicure in anything but those chairs . atolv did not even have pedicure chairs they had rickety red straight back chairs no different than you might find in a college dorm and super tacky looking . nnfor the foot tub they had a little bowl like from walmart filled with water that cooled off very quickly imagine that and fake wicked tacky rose petals . as you can probably imagine a straight back nonreclining chair and a bowl of water didnt work out too well . it was so uncomfortable . i had to really use my leg muscles to hold myself upright with my feet in the bowl . nnfor the out of the water stuff they have you rest your foot on the nail persons thigh which i was really uncomfortable doing not just because i had to assume an awkward position due to the chair but also because i was resting on someones thigh that was awkwardly hunched over to do my nails ... nnthe massage was subpar and the actual treatment of my nails was really really subpar . she  nail polish on my skin and did not remove it and used some low quality top coat certainly not opi or any of the standard polishes and it wasnt shiney at all . the coat started chipping off in 2 weeks which was fine because it gave me an excuse to get a new pedicure as this one never looked good in the first place.nnthe ambiance was also weird . if you stereotype tacky tacky las vegas this is it . it sort of tried to go for a black and red quasi movie star pseudo edgy decor but it failed on all fronts and just looked tacky right down to the red carpet in front of the door . the lighting in the room where they did the pedicures was so low that i honestly could not even clearly  the color i was selecting for my nails . nnill stick with asianrun places in the future . and for 60 i pay half that back in boston for a far better pedi and im sure i can find a far better pedi for a far better  in vegas too . heck ill pay the 75 or 80 at the cosmopolitan salon just for an experience  paying for because i probably wouldve gotten more for my 60 if i stuck it in a slot machine than  for that awful pedicure .
__label__pos i havent actually purchased a car at this particular carmax but i have come here on several occasions with others who have been in the market for cars . i actually really like the carmax experience . the worst part about car shopping to me is negotiating on price . thats what i like about carmax . you walk in and youre free to browse the inventory at your leisure and there are salespeople ready to help  you need them . each time ive come here shopping with friends the sales associates have been friendly helpful and most importantly ... patient.nnthey have a big inventory and whats even  if there is a  at another carmax across the nation they can get that to your local dealership if you request it . within  miles there is no cost and they charge a service fee for any that are at dealerships that are a little further from your current location . nnthe web site is  easy to navigate as  . you can keep an eye out for the car youve got your  out for or even set up alerts for a particular year make and or model that you are looking for and they will let you know when its available .  the way i like to car shop .
__label__neg horrible experience . called last thursday to  up an  for this morning at  . 804 still no plumber . called them and they tell me he is stuck in traffic and will be here in 30 minutes . no way . had he left early enough he might be 10 minutes late but 30 absolutely not . he didnt leave till 8. i said even if thats true its not but lets  it is why wouldnt you call me no answer no apology . so the plumber shows up at 828 and i say youre 30 minutes late and he said 28. what a dick . no im sorry such a prick . so their job is to shut the water off at the street 915 this  still cant figure it out . have to wait another half hour for his boss to show up . finally the water is off takes 90 minutes longer than promised . what a  stock . this company  . their service levels blow . avoid them at all cost .
__label__pos danielles  and quality of the  i received  5 stars  the   to estimate and charge the  are in need of improvement .
__label__pos good      . definitely a great place to start the nightnni highly recommend their gourmet burger and huge margarita the irish nachos are a musttry as well.nnthe waitress we had was super cool too . she did a  job and it was really nice of her to let my wife keep the large margarita glass as a souvenir . we were humbled and very grateful for the gift.nnif i ever go to vegas again this is  a  id go to again without question .
__label__neg the birthday boy cried ... and hes 29 what a messntheir hiring process must  a plinko board . nnbottom line first buffalo wild wings has boring food that apparently takes 12 minutes per wing to prepare a crap  selection which is  over prices and customer service training comparable to the nevada highway patrol . nnif you like wings dont eat here.nif you like your friends and family dont bring them here.nnmy next yelp list will be places that are better than buffalo wild wings.nni have been to this buffalo wild wings about 20 times in the last few years . my friends in the area love it so we go frequently . every time we visit this location everything goes wrong . nni came here for a friends birthday party and i kept my mouth shut while in the restaurant as to not  a  . nnour table waited 50 minutes for the wrong food to come out twice . i ordered to go as i had to leave the party for work . i even  when i ordered . our server shorted my change and still stressed that gratuity was not included in my total . i didnt make a big deal over it .  time she came over she said that mine should be right out . i wanted to cancel it but again did not want to make a scene.nni pointed out a bag that had been sitting by the register for 20 minutes . it turns out that this was my order . she had it remade which made me really uncomfortable . nnshe  to make a joke out of it not understanding how difficult it is for me to not be mean sometimes . she did not offer to refund the food cost or offer anything additional either she just said well you have somewhere to be so get out of here.nnthe food which i had to eat on my rushed drive was spilled all over the bag and was not hot . the napkins in the bag were soaked from the spilled sauce . it was the typical halfassed buffalo wild wing garbage food with no veggie sides.nni will spell check this later
__label__pos from the staff to the  this is by far the  place in town . the food is  the staff particularly  the manager treat you   and you cant  the  .
__label__pos ok so you read the other  and maybe you think i am just being a lemming . no i think this very nondescript place has it going in the taste and authenticity departments . today at lunch was my 2nd visit as i was torn between my satisfaction at ping pong thai down further on sunset and this place . nso today i had their chicken satay app papaya salad laothai style and then the awesome green tea steamed buns yes they had them today nthe satay app is rather hearty . 5 skewers of marinated grilled chicken served with the traditional peanut sauce and a small  cucumber salad.nit was very good and i used the peanut sauce sparingly just enough for added flavor . nntheir payaya salad  away ping pongs version . they grate the payaya just slightly larger so it has great texture and crunch . instead of tomato slivers they use halved baby roma tomatoes which explode with tomatoy flavor . they cut the long beans just large enough so you know they are beans . the dressing is very light nonoily and you can order your heat  . loved itnni ended with the steamed green buns . they are little pillows of deliciousness hint order the steamed buns when you order your food because they come to your table freshly steamed so the interior green tea filling needs time to cool a bit otherwise you might get molten filling tongue burn ... ouch the buns are about 2.5 inches in diameter and are soft and fluffy . the filling is just slightly sweet and redolent of green tea aroma and taste . these tasty  are so  good that you could easily eat  and never know it so i limited myself to 2. nni say if you want to try some authentic  food in an unpretentious clean little place do come here .
__label__neg terrible wait time and service  you for ruining valentines day for  . food is  but the service sucks  with  . go else where if you want a quality  . never   .
__label__pos   the    our 14yearold son who almost never eats his veggies
__label__pos for anyone who says doing half and half pizza sauces as in half margherita and half banana peppers and sausage is  lem me tell you ... theyre making the pizza in the kitchen . they are under pressure orders flying in from all different  take out here order in there  with extra sundrieds sub black olives for broccoli add pine nuts extra sauce ... its no joke . so that being said they cant always split a pizza in half because the sauces just dont mix and they got ta cook it and prep and all that jazz.nnso is the pizza good yes hands down this pizza is really friggin good . the bbq chicken is  my pants good . the algo malgo or whatever it is called is  delicious . nnif youre looking for a quick lunch spot get your ass in there and enjoy the pizzasalad lunch deal for it will not disappoint . order the  slice if you like but since they have the dozens of toppings to choose from live a little and put some meatballs or eggs or fresh artichokes and make it the way you dream it . nnoverall one of the top pizza place in madison or middleton .
__label__neg i went into this  with high expectations . i had heard only goods things . nwe had a great server . she was very  and helpful . when we were there we saw that they were participating in restaurant week . nnwe immediately did the couples special because it was a great deal . we  calamari for the appetizer and though it was  it was extremely bland and only luke warm when we received it . nni then had a bowl of  chowder and this we pretty good . for our main courses we got chicken parmesan and cod dish . the chicken parmesan was similar to the appetizer in that it was very bland . we were expecting delicious italian food and received nothing special . my fish was extremely over cooked but the server was very helpful in getting me a new dish . i tried the primavera and was pleasantly surprised . it was very good . nnwe tried the  dessert and the lemon cake and both were delicious . nnunfortunately the food was nothing that would  me to come back especially for the prices you pay .
__label__pos stopped in for dinner the night before our visit to the university of pittsburgh with one of my kids . we were quite hungry and ordered both appetizers and main course . in summary this was really very good indian food definitely exceeded our expectations for pittsburgh.nnappetizers were samosas and chicken with manchurian sauce . the  were tasty well cooked and served with a very nice  sauce . the chicken dish was delicious coated fried chicken pieces topped with a fantastically hot and spicy sauce . highly recommended and we would order again.nnmain course was chicken tikka masala mutter paneer and shrimp korma . the best of the three was the  paneer  and paneer in a creamy sauce . next best the chicken masala had a great sauce but the chicken was a little overcooked and a tad tough . bringing up the  was the shrimp dish again sauce was good but the shrimp  lost in the dish . nnwe also ordered the bread basket a mix of different types of naan and roti . greta  and the bread was deliciousnnwill we come back without a doubt .
__label__pos approximately three hours until the ripe old age of 27 hits me after a long day of moving we find ourselves in the rogue . i am with the lovely  hoping to hell her plethora of visible tattoos will make it acceptable for me to be here by proxy . if not my cap proclaiming i am the boss certainly did the trick.nnbeing a divier place i decided to be one of the guys and have a bud light like the good old days i dont remember it being that gross before . the bartender tells me i have to put my shirt inside out if i am going to drink bud light . i look down and realize that i am wearing my guinness shirt from the oye at finnegans . embarrassing but the guy  cool points for the comment . afterward i switch to a safe jack and coke ... and another and another etc.nnthe jukebox kicks some major ass here . plenty of punk rock  old soul that sort of thing . nnthe kevmo met up with us pulling into a  spot in his subaru wagon and as he clicked the lock the beep drew some stares . nice grateful dead shirt hippie . nnthe band that was supposed to play never showed probably syphillus complications so they had a replacement band show up about 11. nnbomb threat ... yup thats the name of the band . they sound about like you would expect ... screaming hard terrible wan na be punk rock . nnat 1201 i decided that my first act as a 27 year old should probably be to throw some elbows in the mosh  of a bomb threat  . i ended up covered in pbr as some guy who knew all the words to the songs decided to spray the shit all over the place . it was so ridiculously bad that it was fun.nnin  i would advise avoiding bands playing here unless you have shitty taste in music but otherwise this is a great spot.nnp.s . i think i am going to create a rogue bingo game . items to check offnmohawk over 9 inchesntiger army apparelncrimped hairnmisspelled tattoonperson carrying more than three cans of pbrncardigan sweaterntight girl pants on a guynetc .
__label__pos my   in  vegas.nnawesome clubbyambient environment.nnalways friendly service that makes you feel like a vip.nnsolid reliable rooms.nnbest experience on the strip .
__label__neg the hotel have  gone downhill . i had hopes that it would improve after it became  after being the cheesy aladdin hotel but nooo ... .nnconsnrooms  are very cheesynrooms are terribly lit super dark some were missing lamps completelynfixtures are old bathroom still look like when it was aladdinnwall paper and floor are very dirtntubs are crustynservice at front desk and concierge is extremely slow and rudeniron leaked rust  all over my bfs shirtnnprosnhas  to do with the hotel and more with the casinonheart bar is open 24hrsnpleasure pit is fun to play at
__label__neg the only reason i booked a room there was for a convention at planet hollywood . i was disappointed in the resort . first the parking is truly a 15 minute walk . and if you rie a motorcycle it is not like you can use valet parking and you will walk quite a distance with your bags . before i booked a room there i specifically asked about parking for my bike and was told there will be plenty of parking but when i got there i had to maneuver an 800 lb motorcycle thru bicycles and scooters that were parked every which way . nafter my hike to the reservation desk the cashier informed me i cold not opt out to pay cash at the end of my stay . my cc would have the amount placed on hold and in essence holds the amount of money basically at ransome . i have been at other hotels that did not have to do that and were glad to have my cc info but did not hold funds on my cc . nwe found our way to the elevators and found brittney spears plastered everywhere the decor felt dated and there was not the clean  one would expect . nwhen i opened the door the room reeked of cigarette smoke then i found an ashtray so i called the front desk . turns out that the cashiers just put us in a smoking room with gout ever asking if we smoke and he figured we would want to stay in the room for four days ... .didnt ask us if we smoked well i guess that was my fault since i had on a motorcycle jacket he profiled all bikers as smokers . they should ask each person if they would like a smoking or non smoking room . nso now the room doesnt really feel clean . the room was sufficient and the decor was 90s . the bathroom was large and had a large soaking  and separate shower and so that was nicenmy first morning there i placed the hotel do not disturb sign in place . they came in anyways . the next night i wanted the room clean ... they did not come clean the room and then i found a weird matt stain on the bathroom floor . so do they wash the marble  between guestsndown in the mezzanine i had a  with my lunch and the glass was cracked apx 3 inches of it . i think they were so fast to set the tables they didnt carenotice such a large crack . nso lets try the miracle mile mall ... ..all very nice . things of all price points but be careful three of the stores there ring up the price by rounding up yes ocean one charged our friend 48 for a bill that was first shown as 47.24 but the waiter rang it and rounded up . when this was brought to his attention he said they always do that . its just the way it is  . after my friend made a fuss the waiter all of 20 something ... took the bill back . dug in his apron pocket and gave my friend the  ... do you think that problem will ever be resolved no so you will be the next over charged personnnext stop  ... same  one price listed for pop corn but then the over charge and dont have an answer as to why . ver nice to us but didnt change the price until after the manager was called in ... .seems that is standard practice therenin the end when i checked out and when i was asked if my stay was ok i told them all that happened ... right down to the bathroom floor not being washed . the young girl said she was sorry but my bill was never adjusted . i told her i will never stay there again . you pay a price and have a certain expectation and it just isnt met period . nmy convention was good but i will not go back there again .
__label__neg spent the  at a safety conference here . last day a large  of  contracted norovirus and became violently ill. i will say however that before that incident the room service was actually  good both dinner and breakfast . the blinds in the room didnt  block out the sunlight in the morning and you cant adjust them horizontally because of their vertical  . we  the norovirus came from the food served at the  .
__label__neg ok if youve stayed her before and liked your experience wait another  more years until you decide to stay here again .  and customer service have downgraded 95. we had the resort room . they dont provide  just the white sheets .  are rundown .   are broken . our  didnt have the hot water working . drawers are beat up . our security box didnt lock . bathroom door didnt shut close . writing it all down makes me realize how ridiculous this place is .  and if you want to complain about your situation get ready to be handed to staff with attitude and make you feel stupid for complaining . paid 780 for 3 nights . better off anywhere but here .
__label__pos good  ... nnwe had a pound of  a pound of shrimp and a  of  crab legs ... everything was amazing ... we had the hot n juicy sauce medium spicy ... it was unbelievable ... nnive been to boiling crab which i love and other similar type  ... and hands down hot n juicy is the best . always a must for me whenever im in   .
__label__neg i dont even know where to begin . archis has never failed me before but this was my first time at this location . my family took dan t. and i here for a sunday afternoon lunch . my parents were ignored when they first  in so two of the hostess could chatter among themselves . we werent the only ones waiting either after a few minutes of going back and forth and laughing they finally got around to seating people . btw there were also empty tables so we knew it wasnt a full house to be waiting either . after seated we ordered our drinks from a not so friendly waitress who looked like she was still in high  . hopefully she is there learning some manners . i didnt catch her name but she did have a birthmark on the side of her facechin . after about 15 minutes of waiting to put in our order she finally came by our table again . we ordered and she watched my mom finish off her  . now instead of bringing out a new one my mother had to wait to spot her down again about 5 minutes later to ask for a  . we waited and  what felt like forever for our food . did they forget about us nobody came to check on us for refills again and just seemed to snub their noses up at us . weird . good thing we all can make good conversation with each other . after waiting about a good 3540 minutes for our food it was finally in front of us . i ordered the pad see ew with beef . now i have liked archis better than pin kaow since they always serve more broccoli in theirs . it was okay . not as i remember . maybe i was just upset over our attitude waitress and that ruined it for me . whatever it was i was just turned off . after we were finished with our food our waitress had disappeared and we had to ask a guy for a few boxes . mind you we had 4 large plates and a bowl of rice . some plates still half full of food . after he looked at the table he brought back 2 of the smallest togo boxes i have seen . how were we suppose to fit our food in there we tried ordering some mochi ice cream but he seemed  he wanted nothing to do with us . annoyed that he had to help us . uh sorry but have you seen our waitress because we havent for quite some time finally after we split some mochi the waitress came over with our check and took our food to the back to put it to boxes for us after we asked.ni am so annoyed with this experience even a few days later . i dont think i will be back here . not even to order togo . which i couldnt even find a togo menu and  trying to ask for one was a hassle . archis you really let me down this past sunday . i hope your manager reads this and puts you into place . i dont expect topnotch service and someone always at my table but i do expect a smile and atleast a little service when dining out .
__label__pos ethels is my favorite chocolatier since they used to be called ethel m. i like ethels better than teuscher or richart ... i dont like godiva i think they tastes  better now.nnmy favorites arenn1 . pudding pien2 . raspberry rhapsody remind me of ethel ms raspberry satin cremen3 . lemon merengue lemon satin cremen4 . coconut samban5 . creamy carameln6 . almond crunch almond clustern7 . macadamia crunch macadamia saluten8 .  toffee crispn9 . macadamia toffee crispn10 . almond toffee crisp almond butter krisp nni am  that they discontinued cherry cordials ... they really tasted like cherries and i  them.nni used to buy ethel ms chocolate at their  in hi but i think they closed them ...
__label__pos i love ethels chocolatesnneverytime i go to  i have to get ethels .  i got my whole family hooked on this . so where as before i would buy myself the custom 12  box i now at the very minimum buy the large custom  45. nnmy  are  butter and jelly cheesecake pina colada and cinnamon roll .
__label__neg i went here yesterday for a spring training game between the cubs and doggers . in addition to my previous review i have few more issues with this stadium.nnthis was a major event . a sellout . this  of  only happens a handful of times a year at cashman . there was absolutely nobody directing traffic . nobody at the 95 and vegas blvd . nobody at vegas blvd and bonanza . nobody at vegas blvd and  . i dont expect to not wait in traffic . but i do expect a minimum amount of event planning when this event has been held for countless years and i pay double the amount of what a spring training ticket should cost.nnin addition to nobody directing traffic there was also no security or no ushers once we arrived 30 minutes late . security is needed because there are dogger fans . everyone knows that dogger fans are classless and typically carry weapons . nobody checked my  when entering . i didnt pay ridiculous ticket prices just so i could be stabbed by a thug . nnushers are  because apparently people from las vegas have never  a  game . lots of people sitting in the wrong seats . lots of people going up and down the aisles while a player is batting . this shouldnt be happening .
__label__neg had  thing on the menu the homemade matzoh ball  . complete disaster .   tasting matzoh  . mediocre broth . no  or vegetables or kreplach . im an east coast jew . i dont expect home made but jerrys deli in l.a. blows that  away . disaster .
__label__pos  good    classics    .  service .
__label__neg im on a lifelong quest to search out restaurants that  the kitschy polynesian fanciness of the 1950s . flaming pupu platters drinks that come in tiki mugs and suckling pig . the whole trader vics experience . it  that whenever i find a place that promises such a shangrila i am forced to try it . nni am   . tonight is no exception . nnthe decor is ok but the ambience and menu are 100 cheap family restaurant . i feel utterly betrayed . nnoh well . at  my maitai is strong.nnoh and the kitchen is slow .  .
__label__neg drove around and end up at these place bc the   good . unfortunately the drinks are super  and my beer was  . wouldnt  back .
__label__neg i used to be a regular here . id  get take out on the days i worked  1030 pm and go there on my days off with friends . when i moved about 6 months ago i stopped getting food from here because it was a little too far . now im back in the area and even though it was only 6 months i decided it was still probably a good idea to check and see when they closennso i  at 7308pm and the nice little lady said that they didnt close until midnight .  nnso i get there at 1030 and theyre all locked up with the lights off so after inspecting the place for a minute i  back to my  and run into the employees guess they randomly decided to close  in my eyes that is just one very rude way of telling your customers to eff off and that you dont care about them.nngreat job earls i wont be going there to waste my money on a business ran by idiots that cant seem to know that midnight is 12am not 1030 pm
__label__neg if you come to pittsburgh you have to make a stop at primanti brothers . it has been featured on  travel and food shows like man vs. food.nnmy friend took me here for dinner and each of us ordered a cheesesteak which is considered the 2 best seller . this sandwich is huge mainly because of all the coleslaw and french fries piled  within the sandwich . the cheesesteak itself was okay and the meat looked processed . not that great . however the bread is nice and soft . i also ordered a pint of yuengling on draft . good beer ... nnif i do come back im interested in  the roast  . it seems like this restaurant is  or  depending on what you order . also the original location is in the strip district while this location is near the university of pitt campus so lots of college  .
__label__pos my lunch gyro heeronnnot sure what else can be  about mike and tonys . its drab greasy and  nonexistent decor is what made me want to try it the most . a place that can draw the lines it gets with that atmosphere a ban on plastic payment and snide directions on how to order taped to the  must have good food.nthe  are great 4.50 for a lamb gyro stuffed with juicy lamb  tomatoes and lettuce and a very good yogurt sour cream . i opt for some banana peppers to be  into the mix and its all good . if you have a lincoln in your pocket and  lunch skip wendys and get to mike and tonys .
__label__pos i miss the 80s miami vice etc . seviche reminds me very much of miami vice don johnson crocket ... ive been to seviche several times and its a good spot if its not too crowded . its usually either my first stop or one of my last stops if im staying at the westin and walking . last night it was my 3rd stop out of about a dozen stops and our server was so nice kate i  id write a review just to  her some props . i was there around 8 pm last night and we were able to quickly find a table even though it was relatively crowded . id say the crowd for the most part is a little older than some of the other bars that i frequent but friendly all the same . its going for the south beach theme and it accomplishes this with its high ceilings and art deco interior . bright lights big windows high top tables a few couches and a  bar with another sushi type bar . the  are nice and overall the space is very warm if a little bit cheesy . the service is usually good when i frequent here but last night it was stellar . kate gave  great tips all night long and guided a very nice dining experience . i had very deliciousl ketel one rocks dirtys most of the night and my friend had delicious mojitos . these mojitos are good but for some reason i just love the ones at dish . we had so many small plates im sure ill forget a few . we started with an amazing blue point oyster fire and ice which were fresh and delicious . the preperation is spicy with habernaro peppers red onion and a prickly pear ice topping . it really is there  dish and i recommend you get the fire and ice preparation when you come . its spicy and cool with delicious fresh seafood . we followed this up with the crab and scallop same fire and ice preparation . this dish is light and flavorful and melds well with a stiff cocktail . we also tried the tuna ginger tataki which is quick seared 1  ahi served with ginger fennel and some type of mayo id say spiced with  . it was also quite good . we also tried the mussels which started good fresh and plump but then had a few that had not so much of a fresh flavor . overall it was a miss . go to pointe brugge for your mussels . we may have had another dish but cant quite recall . overall this is a good spot in the cultural district for an urban theme stiff drinks and light fresh food .
__label__neg  is   tapas  but  nothing  . if you dont go to dinner often you would be impressed by the presentation and the fancy cocktailswhich were very small and way too expensive for what you got . even the entrees served a little bigger than  size were  great . many better ethnic restaurants in the city atmosphere is hip and trendy . dress to impress
__label__neg dont waste your time or money.ndisappointing food .  cucumber salad tasted more like a bread and butter pickle salad . i took one bite and sent it back.nservice wasnt great took the waiter a fairly long time to get to us . when he did he  what do you want instead of a friendly greeting.ni had the  and noodle soup  had the hong kong noodles . they were both fine but not  enough to want to  back.nwouldnt recommend this place to anyone .
__label__pos im used to the cringeworthy bar tabs that can be accrued while bar hopping in  . after  baseline pub on several occasions with my friends ive been pleasantly suprised by their  drink selection and shot prices . this bar is a great dive . tvs darts pool tables   great drink prices and always a fairly lively crowd . not much else i can ask for.nnwe stopped by the other night for my  birthday and i ordered a round of a very specific shot . when the shots  it was easy to deduce that the bartender didnt know how to make the ones i asked for . i was happy to order another round of the correct mix but she compd the round for us and kept the  coming well definitely be coming back soon .
__label__pos i come here once a  to get my nails  . while friday evenings and  are impossible to get in on ive never had to  longer then 30 minutes.nnits  away at the end of a strip mall but such a great 
__label__pos   from 552011.  new profile.nnanother place i must visit when im out in vegas . of course ive only been here 3 times and each time i get the same thing . lump crab eggs benedict . heaven in my mouth i dont come here for the coffee which is drinkable but not the best . i come here for this heavenly lump crab dish ... . and the delibakery items . my mom had me try the potato cakes last time we were there and ... .. excuse me . had to take a breather . just thinking about those delicious wonderful potato concoctions with the apple sauce ... . yummmmmmmmm.nnthe cafe service has been great for me each time . the last time i was there was on a sunday morning and they were jam packed the waitress was great and attentive even though the place was packed . on busy days i understand poaching eggs can be a little difficult because theres a lot more to pay attention to so when i pointed out that my eggs had been overcooked without hesitation she comped me for one of my favorite things in the bakery . i didnt want them remade ... . they were still ediblennthe bakery staff is why this place didnt receive a  star rating from me . since im still  to the place i didnt know that you had to stand in line at the deli to get service at the bakery . no one spoke up and when i tried to get the attention of one of the guys i was blown off . when i finally received service i placed my order and then asked for something from the deli . he treated my request as a big inconvenience . needless to say if its a busy day ill just eat at the cafe and leave my bakerydeli order for another less busy time.nntheir food is great . their bakery and deli items are delicious . i would recommend this place to everyone and anyone but i would tell them to be patient and try to go when its not so busy .
__label__neg i have been back several times before writing this review update just to make sure all the inconsistency that i have been experiencing is now the way of bagel cafe and not just an off day they were having . im prepared for the loyal fixtures to be upset but if you really have been eating here since it opened then you know its not the same . i first started eating here at bagel cafe i was a teenager after it opened . it was worth the long wait to get a table as the food was spot on excellent . sure we all know the best breakfast in town is at the omelet house on charleston but this place definitely came close behind at one point . in the last 6 months i have experienced meals here at bagel cafe that were just not worth the money or wait for what you got . they dont even use boars head deli meats anymore wth they use some brand i have never heard of . the taste and quality of the deli meat just isnt the same as it used to be . they claim the bagels are made fresh daily yet they are rock hard . i have  liked the bagels here but if its in your name ... . live up to itnnas you can tell from my previous review and pictures i really used to like this place . consistency is a major issue . the sandwiches used to be made with boars head deli meat and was piled high between the bread of your choice and a real winner . now you get some other brand of meat just  up in a ball between 2 dry pieces of bread . i can do that at home then there is breakfast . i usually order breakfast here . the last 3 times the coffee has tasted bitter and nasty . getting a refill was a major chore as well . i noticed the servers didnt have name tags on my last visit or i would give a proper shoutout to the waitress who has messed up my order lately and has terrible customer service . i ordered one egg any style wbacon priced at 8.95 and asked for eggs to be scrambled with shredded cheddar cheese on top . such a simple breakfast right apparently not for bagel cafe . the breakfast also came with a bagel of my choice and breakfast potatoes . when my food arrived i noticed there was a slice of cheddar cheese on my eggs . ugh if you dont have shredded cheese just let the customer know so they can maybe make another choice . i would have had the egg over medium or  to dunk my bacon in if i had known . the asiago bagel i had was so tough and hard i was with another yelper one of my last visits and showed him how i was able to bang the bagel on the table and it just broke in pieces . the bacon was terrible . from the  it looks heavenly but let me tell you it was rock hard and seemed like it was honestly pulled from the  or something . when my meal arrived the bacon was missing so i informed our waitress and she replies to me oh did you want bacon to which im like hell yes why would i have ordered a breakfast that comes with it if i didnt  it she then brings me the coldhard bacon and when the receipt comes she charged me 3.50 for a side of bacon . seriously it was supposed to come with the breakfast i ordered . she made me feel like i had done something  when she actually is a very lousy waitress . the potatoes i had were the only thing edible on the plate and even those arent the same potatoes as they have had in the past . with this place not being consistent and having waitresses who cant do their job right im going to babystacks cafe and omelet  from now on for breakfast and will make the drive to henderson to eat at weiss .
__label__pos found myself on the  and of course had to sample some well  and well rated pho this is very nice pho and fortunately for me i have four i ranked slightly  that are  to me in the  valley as this is very  to go for pho . very nice broth lots of meat although a couple of pieces were a little tough served by the little vietnamese lady who obviously is responsible for its delicate  . beats out lots of very well regarded pho joints quite handily .  surprise and very close to my 3 ranked pho phind
__label__neg   the     ever we  here around 945 to get two boxes to take home on the evening of black friday . the lady that helped us was incredibly rude . no matter the circumstance and i dont even know if she worked an all daynight shift she should have been friendly . that aside i notice some man mopping the floors water going wooosh inside where the donuts are just laying there on the machine . i could not believe my eyes the labels did not match the donuts on display and when we asked her to clarify she gave us a long speech about how they distribute donuts to the gas stations and blah blah blah . i was honestly ready to walk out but we were lucky enough to just pick out the donuts on display that were at least covered by a glass door . i will not come back here ... 
__label__neg 55 for the donuts . nn15 for service.ni just left this place . i got off of work at 530pm . it was a long day full of crap so on my way home i  to stop by and get some donuts . everything went  up until i  walking out . i found this to be very unprofessional . as i was walking out the guy that  me said to the  that was after me that he was glad to see her smiling and that most people dont smile anymore . she then went along and said yeah i noticed that . i always smile . i seriously wanted to turn around and say something but i  not to . i dont know if this guy expected all females to flirt with his a but i certainly didnt go along with it . i may not have been super excited while i picked out my damn donuts but there was no need to go on talking about me to the next customer . this idiot doesnt  what i may have been through this day . i hope management sees this and informs his employees to keep their damn mouths shut next  a quiet customer walks in .
__label__neg went here for lunch  not the  but not the worst . i got the turkey and havarti sandwich wasnt very good at all . i dont know what  of lettuce they use but it was awful . i got one of their   cupcakes that several people told me are better than sprinkles ... .lies they were ok but no where near sprinkles status . i liked the  and the outdoor seating its a cute little place to grab a coffee but my husband and i wont be  out of our way to go here again .
__label__neg if that     goodnncustomer service is out the window when it comes to this place . nnsometimes bad enough to where id just rather go to the million other places that serve burgers just as  or better with even better customer  .
__label__neg i was never going to write a review of this awful place as i couldnt justify the modest effort it  take to push the computer keys on a review of such a lowbrow  restaurant . but then i read a positive  a few before this one and i had to chime in.nokay ... here goesncompared to this place the olive garden is joel robuchon . nhowever if you think that tasteless food in large quantities served by bored zombie waitstaff is something to cheer about and youve hit all the buffets in  then perhaps this is your  of place.nhowever if food with  and style and care is what youre willing to pay hardearned  for then this is the gateway to hell.ngod help all who enter .
__label__neg service was good . i  a table on the  of the restaurant so i  people watch while enjoying a snack and drink . nnprices are very  ... so much that i regretted not just grabbing some trail mix and a soda from a concession stand .  time in las with  to kill ill try a different  .
__label__pos we had appetizer sampler  cup  cod the divers scallop  chicken . the cod  was to die for and the scallops were so tender and succulent the  were well poured . overall 5 stars and thats because the  food  and spicing was  and spoton . and the cod and scallops were phantastic sic
__label__pos ive stayed at this hotel several times and it is my favorite offstrip hotel . nnthe solitaire  can  6 people  . everything is spacious bathroom has a  bathtub and it has a balcony . the pool is both indoor and outdoor and provides   candy at least when i was there.nnthe staff is also very friendly and accomodating . upon request and as long as they have available  they will drive you down to the strip so you dont have to  it
__label__pos the interior is crisp and clean and well laid out .  of tables without feeling  into each other . nnservice was quick and  . the coffee was very good ... strong . they leave the carafe on the table so you dont have to constantly ask for refills . nni had the crimini mushroom  . 3 fluffy eggs loaded with mushrooms cheddar and tomatoes . came with a choice side of greens or potatoes and an english muffin . it was cooked very well and i love that someone is serving salad greens at  . its a great thingnnreasonably  about 89 bucks per  .
__label__pos    and sauce .  pricey but never  ... gelato  too .   are ridiculous .
__label__pos the location is tucked in a  in the plaza . we almost missed it . it is this little cute place and dishes up awesome desserts and food . nni had the sausage and egg sandwich sausage cheddar cheese and mayo . served on a english muffin with baked eggs . the muffin was so soft it was good . the flavors all just   to  my mouth happy . nnwe  a plan cheesecake for my moms 60th bday . we will get to dive into that  .
__label__pos excellent tram that ran on time and  . too short  but at least it got us to cirque du soliels michael  one on time for that i am  grateful.nnif i was  of las  i would invest in a tram that circled the  and stopped at  hotels all day long 247. lol
__label__pos  sweet   ive ever had .  . nnjust the right amount of crispy with salt and sugar sprinkled on it and an addictive  sauce for dipping . seriously these things were so good i went back the next night and ordered some to go after having a few drinks . nni honestly dont even remember what my burger tasted like but if youre staying atnear the wynn definitely cross the street and check this place out .
__label__neg every once in a while you have an experience that  you of the way things are . and you know what theres just no better way to clarify once and for all how disgustingly lopsided americas class  has become than a trip to sprinkles . nna friend from cali just had to go here and so i was brought  . i watched with a mixture of amusement and anger as siliconestuffed scottstitutes lined up one after another to pay over 3 for 5 cents worth of ingredients in a box . i  what sort of moron pays 36 for 12 cupcakes ill answer that question for you someone with more money than intellect . my friend insisted i couldnt judge their decisions until i purchased one myself . i grudgingly forked over my 3.25 for a dark chocolate cupcake.nnwith  willy wonkaesque inefficiency the ladies behind the counter finally presented me with my cupcake which had been placed in a box and sealed with a sticker . i cant imagine a more wasteful way to disburse with a single baked good . im sure part of the 3.25 pays for this cardboard and sticker which will be promptly discarded by the consumer.nnon to the cupcake itself . it was good . not  but good . ill make no excuses it tasted nice . the cake tasted like it should and the frosting was soft . it tasted like something mom might have made when you were kid . with that said my mother would never have spent 3.25 on a cupcake . i have no problem with paying more for considerably better food or expertise in preparation . but you cant tell me that theres a rocket science to making cupcakes . this is purely conspicuous consumption for people with lots of extra cash and very little going on . how is it that in a country with more than 45 million without healthcare the wealthy have nothing better to do with their money than the purchase of designer cupcakes nnmy advice do something better with your money . youll weigh less and feel better . and if you want a cupcake go to the store and buy the ingredients to make a dozen . cupcakes are not exactly tough to make . and with the  or so you have left buy some food for your local shelter or food pantry .
__label__neg soo overrated . these cupcakes just arent good . i keep trying them with an open mind thinking theyll get better bc i love  . nope . these things are just tasteless  of  . nthe women that  there dont have the best   skills either . smile ladies your  wont  .
__label__neg terrible experience there today . i got our food to go and it was packaged  . refried beans  all over everything  in the same bag and my vehicle . the lettuce on the tacos de carne asada was  and the  cheese dip was atrocious . the container was quite literally half filled with orange grease . it was disgusting . its sitting uneaten on my counter right now and i  4 for  dip . finally most of the food was too salty to eat . i was never headoverhills for this place but now i will  go again .
__label__pos pretty good  to go for a   downtown . food was  but tasty . our server was  . we asked him places to recommend for drinks after and he  us about 15 he was energetic and really friendly . id   here for sure
__label__neg    .    .  from a  .
__label__neg  is the word that comes to mind . the  was flavorless and soggy . we took it home and  it  some  and it was ok. had frozen that was  . there has been a management  int the last  of months so that may explain but we had one slice and threw it out .
__label__pos love the  mile shops so much to choose from . everything from your   stores to las vegas gift shop stores discounted prices and better selection that the  shop in your hotel  to bars to restaurants to stores that are hard to find like my favorite the  page store . if you want a nice  to pick up some souvenirs grab a bite or just walk  a bit come here .
__label__pos it is a mile of  all  an airconditioned men  of  to  and enjoy the  . prices were comparable to any  .
__label__pos what brought me here a 5 coupon i received upon  in ... food was so good i forgot to use my coupon what we ordered  frites  bleubleu cheese fries fries with bleu and brie cheeses bacon and avocado omg croquet monsieurham and cheese  ham and cheese  with cheese and tomatoes  for dipping and lagneau lamb lamb  . nthis will be a must on my vegas trips from now on
__label__neg this place went from 4 stars for food and service to 2 stars . the menu  is horrible they no longer  their turkey burger la campagne which was delicious . you no longer have the option to choose the flavors for a milkshake and they now all come with alcohol . you can opt to not have the alcohol added however it is the same price . i had a chocolate nutella shake prior to this visit and it was amazing this time around i had it again  the alcohol and it wasnt anything  . the combos are no longer offered which was a great deal that included a burger fries and a  . nni went on a saturday night around 9pm and service was horrible our cheeseburger mac n cheese bites came out  however our server did get us a new hot order . i ordered a bbq chicken burger this time and it was good but for the price it wasnt great . the restaurant was somewhat  but waiting 40 minutes for our burgers was unacceptable . due to the  changes and slow service i most likely will not be returning .
__label__neg again great drinks great service great happy hours and great  but i never have any luck with the food here . nnthis time the  was not crunchy it was stale . appetizer fail . then  the special of the day some ravioli  . it pissed me off 17 bucks for three medium  with a little bit of spinach  nuts in a brown butter sauce . way to small for the price . nni repeat for emphasis great drinks and  hours but the food is and has always been a huge  down with me .
__label__neg the goodn6  . ndineresque   like itd be ok.nand you can play a few rounds of keno while you eat.nnnthats it.nntwo stars for bad service my mug of watery warm chocolate oh yeah and the fact that the busboy took my friends envelope of cash thinking it was a tip for himself .
__label__pos first  i went here i was very overwhelmed on how many food items thy had to the menu . i  over 250 so i was  at the menu for a  . i had the rachel and pad  and was very happy with the flavor of both dishes . i like this place because of its relaxed atmosphere and also for the fact that holly madison  here . maybe one day ill  into her .
__label__neg the last four times i came in there were zero hand baskets . well gosh darn it they moved them . how about a sign telling me where they are when i walk in . perhaps the sign above the hand baskets telling me they moved would be better suited in the spot where the baskets were previously . but what the bajeezus do i know today i went to the new hand basket spot and they were all gone . not a single darn tooting basket . i guess i will buy a basket and balance it on my  like an indian woman . maybe if i  in the receipt for mt new basket safeway will  me maybe they will  give me an  .25 off my purchase everytime i use my basket . like those granola bags the hippies  . walking home with my purchase tonite my plastic bag broke . if i had my basket this   would never happen .
__label__neg there are never  cashiers at the   .    more or crosstraining better .
__label__pos  the  is  good .    .  and moist . ive been here multiple times and its consistent . i think being consistent is one of the most important attributes of a restaurant . you cant have a great time one time and not the other . this place is better than  but dont go in with the expectation of great .
__label__neg this was the worst japanese  my husband and i have ever had . we ordered  maki rolls . the pieces were so small they could not be considered pieces of maki . two of the rolls supposedly had fish but most of the pieces of maki had no recognizable fish inside . the rolls were so poorly made that they fell  when we picked them up with the chopsticks . the taste was  . the  wasnt real . it had the consistency of diarrhea and was dyed green . we felt sad after the  and cheated out of 45. first and last time   here .
__label__pos fantastic  fantastic  and  decor.nni was really  when we walked in and there was no one there but us the whole time but ... we were there around 330 for a late lunchearly dinner and they were setting up for two big parties . nnwe sat down and took in the very cozy  all antiques which i am in love with . our waiter was great as well as another employee who came by and apologized for the noise which none of really noticed as they were setting up tables for the parties that were coming in later on in the evening.nntwo of us started off with a samuel smith organic cider and hummus with warm pita bread which was great . i ended up getting the penne gorgonzola ... what sold me on my choice in the description it said ... blue cheese lovers unit hands down possibly the best pasta ive gotten from a restaurant ever . tasted very authentic and very fresh . nnwe ended our meal by splitting the pumpkin cheesecake ... to die for  . nneverything i ate here and experience at bunkys is all hands down great . cant wait to stop in again .
__label__neg   like a     up like a barber . nothing personal about it  a neighborhood  would offer .
__label__neg we used to shop there on a regular basis as well as use the pharmacy . not anymore . tired of the long lines and 2 cashiers working and employees who are there just to make their paycheck and go home . managers are completely clueless and do not know how to respond to a  . the pharmacy never has what i need never calls to let you know when something is ready even when they said we will call you when it is in never not even once . that is  poor customer service and that makes people like me to stop using this store . they need to hire a customer  guru or just someone who has some common sense to retrain every employee . if you work someplace own it respect your customers or you lose business its that simple . to the managers constantly standing around maybe you should be checking on your departments and customers to  if everything is going ok. thats what makes a good  and you  repeat  . its to bad this was  to home but weve decided that our last visit was the final straw we will not be returning .
__label__pos great  a lot of thought  into menu . nreally   hour .  like the  as well .   .
__label__pos good      it .    with what you order . i have had lunch here twice and have not been disappointed .
__label__pos damn it i got beat arrrghh yea so this was the original of the copied pinkberry . when one of my employees told me about it next to joes pizza ... .i freaked because now i dont have to go to la for this fantastic korean staple of yummy dessert goodness . she also said they were a little bourgeoisprounounced bouzje wa ok so they boast that they use real yogurt and pinkberry uses powder . hmmm ... .whatever its good . the decor is like stepping into grammas house but it got  by a ball harajuku girls . its got the whole minimalist yet   outside . modern chic and some over the top . employees were newbies . so dont expect too much right away . two flavors ...  tea and regular ... .not really vanilla because of the hint of tarts . you have crazy toppings like captain crunch fruity pebbles cocoa pebbles granola mango blueberry banana strawberry etc ... i guess the owner or manager overheard me because im loud . but i was  for mochi too . he said that they would be getting them made soon i  found out theyre open  3am or was it 4am whatever ... .its open late . that  late night cravings ... gone woo hoo
__label__neg i will never set foot in this store ever again after today . about three weeks ago i brought my bike to them after a friend suggested the store to fix a warped chain that was extremely annoying . upon inspection from the guys the gears were also wearing very poorly because of the warped chain so they suggested to replace those too . i figured why not might as well get the whole assembly fixed up nice . they needed to order one part which would take about a week . the following thursday i get a phone call that the part was in and i immediately brought my bike to the shop for them to fix and i left it with them . before i left i asked about how long they thought it would take to fix it . i was told they would try to get to it on friday and if not id have it early next week.nngreat im all excited its just gon na suck to have to walk everywhere for a few days but itll be worth it . so 4th of july weekend comes and goes didnt get my bike on friday monday was the  tuesday or wednesday . so on thursday i call and they tell me that theyve been very busy and backed up and shorthanded and they didnt come in over the holiday weekend to work . he cant give me an exact update other than there are only 3 bikes ahead of mine . no call  . on friday i call again . its now a week after they told me i should expect my bike . they inform me that they should be getting to it that day . low and behold late afternoon i get a phone call that its ready . at 5 after work i go and pick it up . i pay them and i ride home without a problem . nnyesterday i rode to work without a problem . when i went home last night the gears started skipping . i wasnt having this problem before they fixed the bike though so i was very confused . this morning im on my way to work just pulling out of my street onto neglley and the  skipped in the  of the road . i also got hit scared the hell out of me . a normal 10 minute bike  took close to 20 minutes because i couldnt get proper power out of my bike.nntoday at 11 when the shop opened i was their first customer . i brought the bike in and the tech took a look at the chain and said one of the links was busted . the chain is 4 days old . so he fixed it free of charge by just replacing the broken link . either way i dont like the fact that a chain broke so easily . i paid over 120 for them to keep my bike for a week and for me to have to go back a few days later because something they  had already broke.nnlike i said at the top ill never go back ...
__label__pos curry goat is pretty good  are fresh vibe is pretty friendly even if i was the only white guy in the place last night .  could have been better but the first time i went it was fine . my  draw back was they dont have ting or banana drink which are my  . but 12 for a huge plate of  rice and peas and  i  complain nor  i finish it
__label__neg im sad to say that the place has gone very much downhill since their move to a bigger location . ive given them a few chances  it was just growing pains but its taken way too long to get back on their game.nni am part of a regular group that used to go here every friday morning . we always sat on the patio of the old place and always got the best service . super friendly fast coffee refillsthey were just on.nnafter they moved across the street they began to make it clear that they would not be accommodating our group . they wouldnt set up a table for us and tried to  us into individual booths even when there were only 5 or 6 of us . they have a back room with larger tables that they wouldnt open at the time we got there 600am claiming staffing issues . they finally and begrudgingly let us back there along with several other larger groups facing a similar circumstance we were  ignored . they might has well just told us to our faces that they  not be serving us as a group and saved us all the trouble.nndont read between the lines herewe are not a  annoying or demanding group . we are just some guys that like to get together at breakfast.nnsadly our  were not heard or passed on to anyone who cared so i doubt we will ever be back . weve since moved on to places that will gladly accept our business .
__label__pos first i want everyone to know that this  does not operate a buffet all orders are prepared fresh . we had breakfast here on sunday morning before memorial  2013 there was a waiting line when we  but we waited less than 20 minutes before we were seated . they have  large  rooms and have  seating . we had great service and outstanding food . when in this area again we sure would eat here . the five stars   as good as it gets .
__label__neg so sad to see one of my favorite places  down  so quickly . first they stopped serving dinners . now the service is horrible . we stopped in today for lunch at 1230pm . it was very busy . my  and i prefer a table and the hostess led us to a booth . when we requested a table she stated there were none available . we  see many tables available but were told that section was closed . really a closed section during the lunch  not very smart management . we were  to wait . so we sat . after about 15 minutes the hostess  the please wait to be seated sign to seat yourself and left . she said nothing to us about a table . we sat for another 5 minutes when more patrons entered and proceeded to seat themselves . still nothing about a table for us . we left and will not be back . it isnt surprising to me that they are losing  and having to cut their hours . i would complain about the service but there wasnt any .
__label__neg such a disappointment . i kept hearing how great this place was and  i am in town visiting  i could not wait to try it . i got the eggs benedict special with hash browns . everyone says the portions are huge ... not the case in my meal . my hash browns were very dry and tasted as if they have been sitting in the skillet all morning . the hollandaise sauce for my eggs benedict was bland and so thick i thought i was eating cold condensed  from a can . i ate one benedict two bites of hash  and asked for the  . when the waitress saw that i barely ate my food she didnt even ask me how it was . i got my to go box and threw my meal away in the garbage out front . this place was such a disappointment and i will not return . i choose   diner down the street over this  any day .
__label__neg i thought the food might be decent because of the very good yelp rating.nnmy husband started with the minestrone soup . the soup was very thin and watery with a burnt taste . i note this soup didnt have any beans or pasta in it but only large  of falling apart over cooked vegetables.nnwe both ordered mediterranean salads with chicken . the menu reads mixed greens but they gave us iceberg  . the chicken had a nice seasoning and was a nice portion but was pounded flat and dry like chalk . the tomatoes they gave us were going bad and the artichokes were grey with old age . the roasted red peppers werent fresh made and  but were full of citric acid taste . i didnt care for the dressing because it was just full of chemicals and very harsh  . i thought for the 12.95 price this was a very low quality salad.nni noticed this place attracts a very blue collar crowd as the man seated next to me ordered  breakfast plates . i also noticed his potatoes didnt look homemade.nni think the  for this restaurant  be incorrect because the sign out side reads  square neighborhood family restaurant.nnmaybe they are better at pizza
__label__neg came on a thursday at  for a  breakfast with my husband and  kids . it wasnt very busy at all but took an hour to get our food . our kids were restless and antsy and it made for a frustrating wait . it was our first  weve been wanting to try for some time . i got the steak and eggs . the steak was cooked as desired and had decent flavor . the country potatoes were terrible however hardly cooked almost raw mixed with hardly any peppers and onions . they offered it with fruit or biscuits but had to pay an addtl 1.75 for gravy . lame who orders biscuits without gravy at any rate the small and meager amount of gravy i did receive was decent nothing great . all in all our  was over 50 for a blah breakfast . we  wont return  to service and just nothing to write  about food .
__label__neg i booked a room at bills because of the yelp reviews . they said it was clean comfy and got the job done . too bad i will never know how bills actually is because they booted me over to the imperial palace note bills4 starts ip2.5 stars yet i had to pay the same price.nnwe had arrived in vegas early but didnt want to pay to check in early so we waited until the ridiculously late 4 pm checkin time . when we got there they told us that they would be moving us to the imperial palace . no explanation no nothing . so after about 10 minutes of questioning carletta at the front desk she told us that it was because there were plumbing problems . but who knows ... . anyways carletta was kind enough to give us some wrong directions so it took us about 30 minutes to get to the ip which we could have walked in 5. but the awesomeness was just getting startednnlet me just say that the ip was nothing short of awful . i mean it got the job done as in we werent  on the street ... which might actually have been cleaner but the room was dirty terrible  how are 7 girls supposed to get ready in a room with 2 dull lamps the staff was extremely rude and unhelpful and i had to wait 15 minutes to check in and 30 minutes to check out not including the time i spent figuring out that they checked someone else out instead of us and going back to have it fixed . because of this dilemma they upgraded us to a room reserved for diamond club members . what special amenities did this upgraded  have a coffee pot ... ..thanks ... ... nnanyways there was a problem with my bill so i  bills and was on hold for about 10 minutes . then someone answered the phone and promptly hung up once i said hello . nni am debating whether or not to even call to complain or try to get a partial refund because i  they will give a crap . its nice that other people had such wonderful stays at bills but i for one would suggest that you dont risk it . yes it might be clean and comfortable and cheapish but wouldnt you rather stay  where youll actually be taken care of
__label__neg just  a friend in here while walking down the strip . we only had  drink and  a slot for a little bit .  drinks and not really my scene . ill  keep   time instead of  my friend .
__label__pos this is one of those amazing places that could  be overlooked . for more than 14 years the owners of cafe forte have tirelessly made a name for themselves by providing unadulterated cuisine or comfort foods for folks who like their  freshly made with only quality ingredients . nbrand new comfort  from 35pm features awesome appetizers like their roasted polenta cakes they also feature 4 glasses of  wines and beers toonone of their signature dishes is the cafe meatloaf with a light burgundy sauce and smashed potatoes . they also feature many fresh seafood entrees as well as fine italian specialties.nbecause the restaurant is located in the heart of old town scottsdale on main street just east of  blvd you can enjoy the works of fine artists as well as the fine foods at cafe forte.ni recommend beginning your meal with the baked brie and sliced  along with a  sauvignon blanc from new zealand.ncasual atmosphere with little votives and a fresh flower on each table is what you will see when you first enter the  dining room . there is a bar area and when weather permits an intimate garden for romantic dining . they also do amazing pies and tortes for dessert.ngreat for dinner on thursday artwalks or for a casual lunch with good friends
__label__neg anybody who loves their thai food is probably a highfructose suburbanite who has never been outside anthem . nni am from seattle and i am used to really good thai food . this was the ultimate in sugary  syrupy grossness . i had the  thai which tasted so syrupy sweet i wanted to gag . my dining companion had the  duck which was equally slathered in what tasted like bottled or premade production sauce . both  were given the official suburban american sugarsaltfatoverloadtreatment.nnits one of those places where there is not a real thai person in the kitchen . there is no ambiance to speak of its in a strip mall and the decor is your usual average suburban diner . nnthe bathroom one was pretty  and gross . needed some serious freshening up try putting a coat of paint on the trim guys . nnthankfully there is a starbucks in the  across the street . we both agreed that we needed strong coffee to eradicate the syrupy sweet aftertaste in our mouths . nnif you like this food you probably need to venture  your suburban existence . i will give it this it is better than macdonalds but not much .
__label__pos my favorite place to get sushi in vegas so far . the staff is great they always give you a  welcome and take good care of you .  does a great  of  special rolls for us when we come in . if you can think of a combo he can think of a way to make it delicious nnwhether you  at the  or take a  table in the dinning room its is always an enjoyable evening . we have been  here for over a year and no disappointments so far .
__label__pos the best dive bar in tempe that features live music with no cover  . all the employees here are nice and  you with  . the beer is cheap and the service is good . there is shuffle  and darts to keep you entertained between music sets . nneven though the location is a little bit  it  to the dive bar  and keeps the douschbags away . if your not a douschbag and want to try  different check out this place .
__label__neg this review is for customer  attitude.nthis cigar club is located right  to the ravella hotel and we were just lucky  to stay the nights where they have a horrid horrid horrid yes its that bad band playing live music right at bedtime.ni dont know how it is in las vegas with the noise level but in california restaurantsclubs right by residences follow a strict quiet  after 10pm . i have seen police being called to clubs when residents complain.napparently they do not have that in las vegas.nthe band started playing at 800pm and the first night friday they music went on till midnight . other people in the hotel had also called our hotel front desk to request that the bar turn the music down . really how loud does it have to be when you have tall buildings surrounding the stage to amplify sound anyway ni had called the bar myself and ask to speak to the manager personally.nblair the manager told me that she personally turned the music down twice and that she was watching the meter . she couldnt turn it down any further because she has to run a business . nnmight i remind you there is no business running to be had if there are no people staying at the ravella so a little consideration might go a long way.nnshe also added that there are other restaurants playing live music and she  them one by one . how professional of you to try to place blame on others too . these other establishments were a good distance from the hotel and their music can barely be heard . i would have at least been pacified if blair had been nice about saying she had to run a business but no she was pretty rude . nif youre going to risk irritating and keep  up with loud music at least let it be good music ni dont know about you but why would i want to patronize a place where management are  to people that could have come invariably to the establishment . thank god what  in vegas stays in vegas . i check out tomorrow . goodbye and good riddance .
__label__pos the food was fresh and the  from the food  was  . when in  vegas make the  out to the boulder highway and enjoy the   in all of  nevada .
__label__neg small  ... it had nachotaco station cold     crab claws not legs prime rib dinner sausage  salad bar 1 type of soup fried chicken rice white and fried dessert island fish and a few other things . it was dingy and old . the wait staff was nice . 13.99 per person . my dad like the prime rib personally nothing stood out .
__label__neg ive never really had a good experience with buffets . paradise buffet and cafe restaurant reminded me why i avoid them.nnyes its vegas . yes they are known for worldclass food and excellent buffets . just remember that none of them are located in downtown las vegas . nnthe establishment is located in the fremont casino . its large and mazey with roomy booths . the decor isnt vintage it looks like a 1980s highschool set for wizard of oz . theres alot of green.nnfirst off our waitress didnt know what halfandhalf was when we requested it with coffee . she kept pointing to the french vanilla creamer already on the table . i  had a feeling i wasnt going to like this place ... .nnthey had a decent variety of food from american hotdogs and patties wading in gray hot water to italian pasta dried out from the hot lamps to chinese stirfry that could rival any maccormack seasoning packet available at most grocery stores . i opted for jambalaya fried chicken mashed potatoes and beef roast from the carving station . ive never had jambalaya before at this  so wasnt sure what to expect it tasted okaylots of sausage and my friend told me it tasted like it came from a can . can you go wrong with mashed potatoes yes even paradise can when i attempted to add butter to the  mash i could only find margarine ... ugh isnt anything real here not too surprising after all they didnt have halfandhalf ... everything ersatz nnfresh fruit and a piece of  pie for dessert . pretty sad when the fruit was the best part of the meal . nnlunch buffet cost about 9. a bargain one might say for a vegas buffet . all the strip buffets were starting around 30.nntheres a reason why the restrooms are located at the exit of the  with large brightlylit signs . now i love food and if that food disagrees with my digestion but it tastes delicious im willing to give a little leeway . when i eat a less than mediocre meal and additionally have the inconvenience and discomfort of immediately needing a restroom i am not a happy camper . in toto six out of our group of eight ended up in the restroom . the womens bathroom was clean however the males in our group recounted a disgusting state of the mens restroom.nnwhy 2 stars in stead of 1 although the entire experience was subpar there is a possibility our 6  of vegas binging finally caught up to us and contributed to our sickened state . even without sickness not worth 9 .
__label__neg  for  lunchnservers very  promptnlacks nthdegree detail of a japanese chef running things rolls and standards are safe but needs a ... san to show them how its doneniced green tea is refreshing and plentiful . i had like 10 glasses.nnsushi chef left my salmon skin pieces from the kitchen sitting on the pass for 10 minutes . server asked if she could bring me anything else and i had to point at the plate on the pass now surely cold . it was.nnspicy tuna mix was the standard gloop but at least did not have mayo.nntempura batter was gloopy not flaky and crispy like it should be.nveggie pieces for tempura were too big and had cool centers.npresentation lacked proper japanese detail straight from fryer to the plate bits oil and all carrot bits thrown at the plate.nsauce was too thick for tempura and no white radish to be seen anywhere
__label__neg  was one of the insulting pathetic displays of customer  we have had . nmy  gluten free and after clearly stating this to the server and ordering a supposedly gluten free item grilled mahi mahi on corn tortillas they served the tacos on flour tortillas and continued to insist they were corn tortillas . the manager finally got  and admitted they were flour tortillas and the menu has a mistake . for a celiac this is a pretty big mistake and can  severe problems . at this point there was really nothing  to order except sashimi . she also added on a salad at which point the server asked if cucumbers are okay for gluten freenclearly this restaurant needs to better train the staff on what this means . the manager was  very unaccommodating and unapologetic.nunfortunately this is a place with decent sushi that we will never be in again due to their complete incompetence regarding accommodating special  requirements .
__label__neg this place is the perfect representation of scottsdale all appearance and no  . nnthe  is very nice and the service is good thanks renee but the food is just terrible terrible  . 100 of everything was bad . wait i take that back the smothered tots were delicious but about the  of chef boyardee if he made smothered tots . nnso my friend and i sat and each ordered multiple burgers they have a 3 oz portion . between us we ordered 5 different burgers and each was inedible . seriously we were hungry guys and we like burgers . we couldnt eat this crap . it wasnt just bad it was gross . for example both of the ground beef burgers we got were still pink on the inside and for a tiny 3oz patty you really have to  to cook it rare . nnthen to really illustrate how awful this experience was i picked up two pbjs and two grilled cheeses for my vegetarian  back at the  . they couldnt eat them they were too gross it was so bad that out of 7 entrees not a single one was good enough to eat nnoh yeah and it wasnt cheap either
__label__neg for a hotel bar its decent . if anyone heads downtown to go here just to go here please move on . their food is just okay . ive had the lamb sliders okay and interesting the sweet potato fries  okay just frozen fried  with cream sauce over top the crab tacos  mostly mayo and cold crab in taco shells and the tuna wraps nice chunks of raw tuna with pineapple in lettus okay . beer on tap was down nothing specactular .  modern decor like the rest of hotel . look if i was in town on  and wanted to have a beer with colleagues you could do worse than sliders and a beer at the bar . but there are so many better restaurants downtown including the truly outstanding  elephant just up the street a  thai not fancy but outstanding food . or id try the ghost lounge for drinks in the san  not too far away .
__label__pos i  this place for a    for sushi . the pear martini is great as well as the sashimi . i enjoy the  and ambiance of this place because it is very open and inviting . the lollipop  are also very good if youre looking for   .
__label__pos this is my favorite ahwatukee restraunt its damn good . nnive been coming here  i was a  and ive never even tried any of their plates i only   a bfast  12 with guac their salsa is fantastic i could eat it with a  and i have ... nndfinately give this place a try mmm
__label__neg the  was  but the  didnt seem very friendly here . they really like to nickel and dime you here for everything it seems like . it was clean at  . they dont really offer anything that  make me want to come back .  down the  a block to los taquitos instead .
__label__pos so here we are  night dinner and im not really hungry . i  ive normally got a healthy appetite healthy appetite you know something more than just a salad or a nibble of something but tonight im not so hungry so i ask if i can  a quesadilla with hubby .  please . he comes home with that thing and at first im thinking this isnt right cuz the container is too light . yes i know a tortilla cheese and beef really shouldnt weigh a lot . dont ask me what i was thinking . besides by then it was probably my stomach talking.nopened it up and revealed the toasty fragrant tortilla with mexican cheese and chunks of beef . inhale a small nibble and my taste buds were telling me to stop multi  and just eat . the tortilla was darn near perfect tonight . the cheese was buttery and not too much either . and the ideal amount of tender beef was included . the green salsa caught me by surprise tonight . a little fire there . i used almost an  bullet for a half of my meal . i dont understand i really wasnt that hungry tonight.ni still had to have some red salsa . i was torn . the quesadilla was delicious by itself . warm toasty tortilla with cheese and beef . mmm mmm.nand here i wasnt very hungry.nthis place is consistently good . nfresh salsas.ngreen chile burritos.nbreakfast burritos.nthin crispy tortilla chips.nand the staff is courteous knowledgeable and have been pleasant every time ive been there.nit all keeps me us coming back for more .
__label__neg      times   messups and a freezing cold dining room made for a horrible lunch experience . took thirty minutes for our app to come out . had to ask for lemons for our tea three  before the waitress remembered to bring them out . when our lunch entrees arrived my friends bacon cheeseburger which she ordered with swiss cheese she originally wanted american which is still listed as an option on the menu but which they no longer carry according to the server was topped with cheddar instead . she decided to tough it out until she realized the bun was soaking wet gross . that got sent back . my other friends food came ten minutes after the rest of us recieved our entrees due to a kitchen error . i had the balsalmic dressing with my salad and i highly suggest you stay away from that ... tastes like a mess of straight vinegar and peppercorns . and wear a sweater . az is hot and all but that doesnt mean the ac needs to be turned down to 40 .
__label__neg took a chance and stopped at this barros my original place is on thunderbird i  it cashier was rude  once you get that nasty attitude walking in and having them  your order in a rude matter you cant enjoy your stay there and cant  not coming  to this  . no name  on the 
__label__neg grade fnnfrom the moment you walk in the door and the stench of bad  seafood  you in the face  the bad service  you your    you will regret ever giving this place a  .
__label__pos my wife  hates shopping but was in need of  clothes for the office . the wardrobe of a grad  would no longer do . kristen helped her put  a number of outfits within our target budget and gave her a mini course in corporate  fashion . she was super  and amazing to work with . my wife couldnt have been  it was her first positive  experience since i have known her .
__label__neg getting run down and smells have gone to this 131 main since it opened and have loved it for years . as with any restaurant hotel or business at some point things need to be renovated . time to put some of all that money we spent back into the freshening up the restaurant . it smells and  seats and restaurant in general showing its age . the  we sat at last  was pealing all over the top and was scratched up . very dark lighting cant cover it up any longer i was embarrassed as we brought 2 couples who commented on it . also with changes in  we had the  service first  we had bad  there in 8 years weve  had . nnget your act together 131 main dont rest on past success and renovate for the future
__label__pos ok mind you i grew up with chompies . as a child we would go bowling and go next door and get bagles on sunday  . that was near shea and 32nd street where they first started.nni hadnt been to chompies in  but always bought their goods in the   . i was expecting the great atmosphere of my childhood . the brothers in the back cooking and a few new yorker men up front kicking some customer service ass and getting people their bagels and cream cheese in a  manner . nni was disapointed when i arrived at 730 am on a saturday late as far as i was concerned for a bakery . there were a  of beautiful young girls behind the counter no line and it still took me over 15min to get two bagels toasted with cream cheese to go . yes i was already in a bad mood but this was totaly flipping me out . i  like jumping back there and getting it done for them . nnthe bagles are still good . not as good as i remember them but it hit the spot.nnso yes they still get four stars but please start teaching the help how to get things done a bit quicker .
__label__pos i usually get the traditional lox and  set up to go and not until recently did i dine in . actually we were outside on the misted patio with our two  . my  ordered an omelet of the  menu and i ordered the french toast off the same menu column . we did the divide and conquer thing so the  brought extra plates but let me just say that is probably the best french toast or is it freedom toast i have had in a long time . they encrust it with nuts and  and it is insanely good . i think they are sometimes lacking in the service area but not enough to write a  to the editor . it was rather busy as we were there on a saturday am but we did not  long to sit .
__label__pos great  .   .   . second   in  .
__label__pos great wine and great customer servicenwe were in scottsdale for my friends  party and we did the bottling  at  vino . we had a  table that sat all 8 of us with cheese fruit and crackers and our own personal wine  bringing us tastes and explaining the different wines . then we were able to  our own wine and put our own label on it we had a picture of all of  girls.nit was a blast i would definitely recommend a visit here
__label__neg ugh this place was super crowded when i visited quite a while back . waited for probably  minutes to get in and thats with our names on the list and being an all female  . i saw others  at the back when we were leaving . also saw a lot of money changing hands to get  in ahead of the line ... guess thats standard procedure . there were some b list  stars  maybe  list and the drinks were super expensive . we left this place really early and went to drais which was a lot more  .
__label__neg ordered the lamb gyro came with a tiny little thing of sauce . most places i get a much  sauce container . which i like . the gyro had a very  flavor . felt like i was eating diet food which i dont like . most the time i eat 1234 of a gyro and im full but i ate the whole thing and i was still  and no im not pregnant . i rather  to gyro time or greek cafe on the  . i wont be coming back to this place . also i think they spelled tzatziki sauce wrong on their menu but i could be wrong so whatever . but the service was  . all the workers greeted me and  me know what i ordered to double check everything is correct .
__label__neg i was really hoping to love this place . a i love greek food b i am a big supporter of family run businesses and  we have 2 locations very close to our house.nnbut i was slightly disappointed . the prices seem high the service seems  and overall the food was just ok. nothing fantastic unfortunately.nnand one thing that i thought was highly weird is that the drink station is out in the open like a  food place . i had  for 58 minutes for our server to  that my iced tea was nearing empty and ask if i needed a refill but nothing . so i proceeded to get up myself and walk the 10 feet to the drink station directly across from our table to refill my drink and i was blocked by 2 different servers who directed me to  sit back down and they would  my  over . they were nice and friendly about it but it was just weird to me .
__label__pos wow what a great foodie find though it is located off the strip this place is well  it especially if you are dining on a budget . prices are really decent and food here is very good . i ordered their yellow curry with chicken . i was very  as they used white meat chicken as opposed to dark meat which i dislike . portion was very generous and the overall taste was good . a great deal  since it was only 6.75 for my meal . some of the other members of my party  their duck soup and said it was delicious . pad thai and pad see ewe are pretty tasty too . nnmy hubby and i use to dine at archies off flamingo as they have pretty good food too but in comparison to this place their prices are higher and portions not as generous . nntip skip the overpriced thaiasian restaurants located inside the hotels on the strip . food is just ehh and not to mention they hurt the pocket . this  has pad thai for 6.75 while the lemongrass located in the  hotel has it for 1620 a plate . i am not exaggerating either taste wise and  wise thai style noodle house is wayyy  .
__label__neg    i   pad   lack of flavorbut the  thai was goodmsg for sure its in the dishes average dish 7.50 throat was dry after eating here
__label__pos this is a classy lounge with a nice big bar  seating area and very cool decor . i liked the lanterns on the  that functioned like a massive equalizer and the street art on the walls . they were playing fun mainstream  that was very danceable . only problem no   the whole  is taken over by table service and youre left dancing in the aisles . nni cant imagine anyone spending the  night in here but a good change of scenery for an  or two .
__label__neg  two     and   dog . gave 5.39 bill was 3.39 and serena tries to give me 1.00 and change back and  32 oz drinks . ni brought change to her attention and had to check size on cup.non a more recent trip through the drive through i again had a similar experience in which the cashier at the window did not give me all my change . nim not tipping a buck to these people when i come through the drive through . seriously this is ridiculous that they even attempt to pull off this little maneuver .
__label__neg   in the line of ihops . bathroom was disgusting . hoodlums  out  ...  sure a drug deal  down with a chef . bugs on the table  ones with 6 legs . never going 
__label__neg this reminds me of that putting lipstick on a pig saying . sure sundrops is much prettier and more upscale than your typical strip mall nail place but the experience and results were no different.nni found the tech rakhil to be very rude . i realize some of it was due to cultural differences but geez shes in a service  . i felt awful when she rolled her eyes at me a few times during our conversations . this is why i avoid the vietnamese  as i have always found the techs to be too blunt and insulting.nnthe manipedi was painful and it made one of my  bleed . luckily no infection . i paid an extra 10 for the callous remover but it didnt help at all . the essie paint is very cute but ill give myself the  for picking out a unique color mint apple.nnim glad i had the  to give it a  but theres no way ill ever go  .
__label__pos have enjoyed your theater many  and certainly would attend more often if it were not for the great distance . we  in sun city west and would  like to suggest some thought to opening a theater in that northwest vicinity . with the  of sun city sun city west sun city  and surprise i believe the  level  be  . meanwhile we shall continue to visit the tempe location whenever possible . thank you .
__label__neg went back to aureole after about 2 years and a very good meal . mandalay bay has become rather seedy like the rest of the strip . entering the restaurant  is greeted on a very cool level by a maitr d speaking to a helper . they continued their conversation for a few minutes before seating us . not an auspicious beginning . the menu arrives and it is their most  the tasting menu . we asked for their other menus a prix fixe and an a la carte . they seated us in the swan court which used to cost an extra 10  no . they dont charge that now but you have to have the tasting menu there . when i told them in less  terms that they were nuts they said i could stay there with any  . whooppee . the 4000 bottle wine list has 2 beujolois none of them high quality . the wine is horribly overpriced i would guess 400 over cost . a pleasant young man acting as sommelier hung in and finally bought us an ok spanish wine for 75. we ordered a  carte . a foix gras we ordered turned out to be seared not a pate . they rectified that . if you are very strong you can get what you  . the service was good the food excellent . bottom line the place has absolutely no class . there is nothing elegant about it or the hotel . upon leaving we asked them to call the valet to get our car ready . that was against their policy for some really inane reason . as i said no class at all . we will never  .
__label__neg mediocre  asshole servers but thats the charm nnpersonally i  being treated badly especially after 2 days in vegas hungover tired and hungry ... nnentertaining but hope to never go backnnhad very well priced special menu for sunday football nnsome fat guy with a  that said taco on his beer belly was quite vulgar and unappetizing ... nnhe was  wearing a black  which he proceeded to pull out of his pants so  could see the straps ... . you looked  with your  on buddy ... yuk
__label__pos if you dont have a sense of humor dont go.nthis place is hilairious everyone there is having a blast and  is always laughing ... staff is really funny and there is a great energy.. if you get offended easy you will not  this place . staff will make you a paper hat and make you wear something that says something really funny possibly degrading..etc etc.nnthe live band is awesome.. they play all  by request ... . steve miller  eagles sublime etc etc ... .. great  to go to to just kick back have some drinks and  out
__label__neg bad  bad service.nnshould change the  to diablows.nntwo stars  for the free shot.nnnever mind the chicken   off my boyfriend .  star .
__label__neg this was my hotel bar . what a disappointment . the service was horrible as they were slow and rude . i really like mexican food and  to eat here but it seemed like too much trouble to ask for a  or even a  on a dish . i went about three different times throughout my stay in  of having a better experience but no luck . even the  was annoying  that have a competition on who can dress the trashiest using red and black cheesy saying hanging from the bar etc . the wheel thing is clever but not clever enough to  this place worth  to .
__label__neg wow this may be one of my first 2 star meals . probably because i was so pissed how terrible it was.nni get it . late at night with a rowdy crowd drinks  and guys who really cares about the food so thats why im giving it 2 stars instead of one.nnthe chips and salsa were ordered its not free and it wasnt bad . i liked the different salsas and the chips were fresh . nni had steak tacos . im not looking for the absolute in authenticity . when i saw the tacos arrive at the table i was a little bummed about flour tortillas for tacos . but im game to have some flour tacos once in a while.nnit was your typical gringo taco . flour tortilla iceberg lettuce shredded cheddar and meat . the meat had a good flavor but was extremely fatty . there were pieces of fat that i was spitting out . nnfor the record im not a fatophobe . give me pork bellies pastrami chinese spare ribs beef short ribs etc . i dont run away and demand leanness . the meat could have been easily trimmed . the fat really did not have any place in these tacos . nnwhat  me the most and im still thinking about it was that the taco without the meat tasted a lot like del tacotaco bell . im not dramatic in my reviews and i dont pull the this place tasted like fast food card unless really deserving . i would even go as far to say that it was borderline grody . and i havent used that word since i was 7.nnall in all the ambiance and potential gave this place 2 stars . the prices were outrageous for what i got even despite this being vegas . nnwith that being said management could maybe try a little harder to make the tacos a little more memorable . perhaps a more  or hand made tortilla flour is still ok if you must and perhaps a sprinkle of cotija cheese . trim that fat off the meat and maybe add a nice thin slice of avocado inside the taco . maybe a little guajillo chile or chipotle flavor would add to the  profile . nnanyways i see this place could be a lot of fun for  and having a good time but ill pass on the food unless its for something that you absolutely cant  up i think like a quesadilla . but  is possible .
__label__neg awful  bathrooms are a  mess needing toilet  soap and  .  on  ignored complaints bartenders and security  it 
__label__neg lets just start off by saying that i will not return to this location . this is a chain that has a surprisingly  following but i will not be  of that multitude and here is why.nnthe interior has no sound abatement so  can not hear or understand the waitress . this morning it was only a  full and i can not possibly imagine what a roar it would be if it were full of patrons.nni ordered eggs over medium sausage and potato along with plain english muffin and juice . my son ordered scrambled eggs potato and corned beef hash . nnupon pretty fast service we were confronted with my fried eggs welldone hard potato so dry that they sucked all the moisture from your mouth and were flavorless to boot . not a lick of salt onion oil parsley or  other than those miserable potato rectangles . nnsausages were good flavorful and not greasy . the plain english muffin came with the oil that they try to pretend is  . i handed the muffin to the waitress and reminded her that i wanted plain . she promptly informed me that they had two types of muffin plain and whole wheat and i ordered plain.nnthis is when my son and i exchanged glances and knew really knew that this was not our day to buy lottery tickets.nnit is like ordering regular coffee in mass and getting cream and sugar in it . so be careful in your vocabulary or your expectations will be shattered . seek clarity from you waitress if you can hear her and if she can her you . nnmy sons corned beef was  out of the can it just had been heated and broken apart from the can shape before serving . nnwe both left disappointed . when the cashier asked how was everything she was simply going through the formula motions because she did not miss a beat in making change along with my silence . it seemed that le peep is asleep both up front and in the kitchen.nni did look at the computerized bill and there was no descriptor for how eggs were to be cooked or for the muffin . they must just trust the kitchen to cook it as they see best at any given time and if the waitress yes they were all females is not on top of them the patron is at the mercy of the kitchen crews judgement.nnwith so many restaurants and other  of eating establishment in charlotte dont waste your time at this particular le peep . it appears that they are not worth a peep .
__label__neg  all of the positive reviews so we  to le peep this past mothers  . very disappointed the food is very average . we  the   omelet and pancakes . all were over cooked . the  is very dated and desperately  an update . will not be returning .
__label__neg compared to other dbs around the country this one is pure crap . nnwhere most dbs have well planned permanent eating areas booths this one has an empty area with a bunch of tables and chairs  in there . there is more comfort and ambiance at chuck e cheesennthe food and  here is also worse than any other dbs ive  been to . i think they abducted their wait staff from mcdonalds . nnthe games are standard nothing special there . overpriced as always . nni suppose if youre some drunk   who doesnt know any better this place is  but for the rest of us its a  of time and money.nnp.s . i have to laugh at the dumbass who complained about the fact that there are children at an arcade oh the  how dare parents bring children to an arcade get a life snigglenuts
__label__neg my father used to tell me that if you want to know how hygienic a restaurants kitchen is take a  at their bathroom . because if a place cant be bothered to keep a customerfacing facility like the  clean what makes you think theyll hold half as much regard for the back endnnflat tops was not the worst case ive ever seen but i did want to run far out of that bathroom the second i walked into it . the same could be said of the whole  ... it had this ugly openair setup which felt like a cafeteria lined with tacky decorations.nnhowever my main issue is with the food . the meat was tough and had a paperlike consistency . all the sauces tasted the same . the whole meal was dry flavorless and just plain tough to eat . but the most truly unforgivable  was the blatant disregard for food  . the buffet from which you pick your food for frying is a disgusting mess.nnwhen you hand your selection of meat and  to the cooks you stick a wood marker in the food to identify it as yours . my marker was handed to them inside a bowl full of raw meat . when the food was brought out to me that same marker was sticking out of my mealnni  up picking at my food at the sides of the bowl away from the marker and  the whole thing away.nnit should come as no surprise then whether it was a case of crosscontamination or not that i spent the rest of the day fighting a pretty serious stomachache .
__label__neg flat top has changed their self service system to a we stand behind a glass and you tell us you want system . so basically theyre now the subway of asian fusion restaurants . they claim its for sanitary reasons . however it doesnt really feel like that . the waitress told us we could  for more toppings when we were up there .  when we went up to  our food we were hastily rushed through the line and basically given a feeling that they didnt want us asking for more . i also noticed they gave one girl who happened to be quite attractive in line more service and time to choose while rushing every one behind her to pick and move on . if this  i am quite ugly so be it . im not into men either . nnwhen we came back to our table we found two people sitting right next to our two chair table . this may sound like a petty complaint but the place place was very empty . they could have seated them a table or so away . it felt like we couldnt enjoy a real conversation with out listening out theres too . nni also noted a lot of unhappy  from the waitstaff . the servers morale seemed pretty low from all of this changes and it shows in the service . i also noticed the costumers across the room seemed pretty disappointed in the  and overall atmosphere . nndate of visit 952014 .
__label__pos i really  my  lunch at  everything from the patio to the service was above average i really liked the food especially the  tortilla  and  . i had a yummy chicken  . i will go  in the future .
__label__neg the  is  good but this time we  20  for a drink order and 1 12  for our food . chili rellenos  torilla soup a pasty mush and the tacos had no flavor . the owner was rude and when we asked when we would get our food she said that they are very  and we would just have to  if the owner says that there is no one else to go to for help . it was a terrible evening . i am a local and know all the restaurants in the area . try somewhere else
__label__pos cant beat the value . were  6 for a sandwich on the strip . impossible well it exists .  a few sandwiches with the girls . montague was meh . but the carribean jerk chicken made my taste buds tingle . the sauce was perfect to give moisture to the  . with that extra spicy kick . how can i  resist i also   the  that the sandwich comes on . its crispy and light . yummmmmm they are  and efficient .
__label__pos ive been here a couple times and will always return.nnline waits are usually never that long.nni always get the  sandwich no cheese . super  but you must eat right  or the  will make it a  soggy.ntheir mac salad is ok. the pasta salad is kind of bland . i wouldnt recommend things from the cold case in front for these reasons . nndeducting a star because my sister said her prime  sandwich was dry and they over charged us for the pasta salad .
__label__pos i got a salad it was good but it wasnt anything to write home about . my friend and my  got the same sandwich i believe it was the  bacon sandwich and they both said it was  but wish that i had more fillings in it . they said that the bread was very thick and the insides werent  enough . for the price now i guess you cant really complain .  dollars for a sandwich or for a  right on the strip in las   is unheard of .
__label__pos the     sandwich   a claim and overall they deliver most of that  we shared the earls club . the bread was fresh and so was the turkey . it was nice that the bacon was warm too as no one likes cold bacon . the lettuce and tomato was fresh . a very tasty  for sure.nwe also shared a turkey chili soup which was tasty . overall very good and we will be back to try other sandwiches .
__label__pos good smoothies nice staff a decent atmosphere and decent food make indie coffee a good  in the regent area.nnin terms of smoothies theyre good because theyre actually smooth and all have a good bit of tang to them that i  . in terms of atmosphere its pretty mellow but has some hints of a music theme  . when you enter you see some covers to popular albums although those cuts dont at all say indie to you . one fun thing i liked is that their drink sizes are in 3 sizes  monona and mendota . its little things like that that give it a good local zest . in terms of food i cant say anything about their waffles but thats just because im not a waffle guy and havent had them . but ive had several of their sandwiches . the honeyfiggoat cheese is good if you have a bit of a sweet tooth . the pesto egg focaccia grilled cheese bagel and veggie cheese focaccia are all  good choices . theyre all pretty reasonably priced too at just 57. i would recommend against the mediterranean wrap however . that one is just incredibly soggy and messy and the hummus they use in it is a bit disappointing.nnand one final note they have an outdoor area in the back when weather permits and its usually nice . however the last time i ate outside there there were bees hanging about and they were really attracted to the honeyfiggoat cheese sandwich i ordered . pretty unpleasant but im sure this isnt a frequent occurrence there .
__label__neg     a   about   to make . i recommending eating here but call in .
__label__pos wow words  will not be able to explain the depth of deliciousness that encompassed this meal . rather than  ill state simply that you must eat here .  we had a party of 8 and  a variety of items such as carpaccio linguine with clams lamb osso bucco veal piccata chicken parm and much more . a great variety no two people ordered the same dish . celebrated a birthday and they took great  of us at  . 
__label__neg  the  is       .
__label__neg service food quality and everything  is below standards . nnthe only thing is that the restaurant was crowded giving me an impression that it was actually decent.nnit took half an hour  to get a servers attention to place an order .  at other pho restaurants you leave in half an hour . with this half  there was a family of four near me . the two daughters finished eating and their parents never got their food . a waiter carried food out and delivered to every corner of the restaurant..how does that even work . nnwhen our future finally came it only  us  sip of the soup to know that they used a dirty pot to prepare our soup . a  that was just used to  a rice dish that i saw come out a few minutes before my food . nnjust go eat mcdonalds .
__label__pos oh . my . gawd this is said in the chris farley snl skit voice from the service to the atmosphere to the food this  is well worth the highest possible 5 star ratingnnas the reigning pancake queen how did i get this title i made it up i decided that i would do myself an injustice for not eating pancakes here . let me tell you i was not disappointed . not in the leastnnthe oatmeal pancakes with peach compote pecans powdered sugar and whipped  was just divine ive never had oatmeal pancakes and i think im in love they were incredible and since theyre made with oats im just going to go  and say they were healthy they probably werent oops . nnwe also decided to split the omelet ranchero . it was packed with loads of cheesy flavor and a nice helping of salsa on top . served with potatos and we were in  overload i almost wish we would have ordered a side of fruit instead of the wheat bread it came with just to redeem the meal into being slightly nutritional . whatever  it was darn goodnnthe ambiance with bright walls polka dots and fun modern artwork just matched the  and cheery attitude of the wait staff . it made me happy and most importantly my tummy happy
__label__pos ok i do not take my sandwiches lightly maybe because i am a simple sandwich orderer and need it to be just right . i had seen this place on yelp and kind of ran into it at the luxor right next to the  angel theater . saw the triple decker  and my mouth started watering  that with a side of fries and yummo we came back here 2 more times and each time still as satisfying as the first . my husband i ate  the sandwich and fries and it was plenty of food . i kept hoping i would have room to order the yummy looking cheesecake  . when the kids next to us were saying how good it was but eachtime we were too full . nnthe only downer is how expensive the  was ... more expensive then the fries . we learned our  and  water in my purse.nna little out of the way but soooo worth it . quick and fresh
__label__pos the first thing id like to say is that the service was awesome as hell . the woman that served us was down to earth cracked  jokes and was  to talk to . she also gave honest opinions on the food and told me i should have my oyster steamed  than raw . she was right the oyster was tasty steamed not so much raw i think its because im not used to eating raw oysters . the oysters were not the best ive ever tasted but it was tasty.nnthe waitress was very attentive and would come up to us with the slightest eye contact or even when we didnt call her shed come to ask if were  or not . nnthe salmon was incredibly delicious tender smooth texture and it really just makes you go mmmmmmmmmm but really the best of the  at  als is the boston clam chowder oh god its super delicious . it had rice and meat and oohh man mmmmmmm super creamy and just the right texture . i couldnt stop taking a bite by the time i was finished it was all gone and i felt extremely satisfied . not to mention the appetizer bread they give you goes great with it . well the bread alone is already delish i would definitely go here again the next time i visit las vegas . yumnnthe only reason why i docked off a point was because of the oysters . for an oyster bar it didnt fit my expectations for a 5 star rating . everything else  is awesome
__label__pos the gallery restaurant is located on the right most wing of the ballantyne westin resort on the 1st floor . they have a restaurant and bar with a separate bar menu if you want to order smaller plates . the kitchen closes at 10pm so make sure you get there in timennthe burgers here are gigantic and delicious . like every other restaurant in charlotte there is a rule that you can not cook anything under  degrees medium well but they are still flavorful and juicy . they serve it with a generous side of onion rings or sweet  fries.nnthis restaurant has a bar and restaurant and the food and  are priced reasonably compared to the westin in  . i ordered a small plate 10 worth of scallops which was a mere 2 scallops with a delicious side of pea shoot salad and candied watermelon . i washed it down with north carolina blueberry port . nnif youre hungry the highest value small plate are the fish tacos.nnif you  variety you can get a 5 course or 7 course meal that starts at 69.nnthey offer whiskey tastings and have a good variety of top shelf alcohols including a slew of top shelf  . the bartender is friendly and knowledgeable about everything . nni would definitely return if i stayed here again.nnjust a couple tips about the regular menun duck was excellent moist and tasty.n porkchop was very dry and lacked flavor it needed sauce.n the fillet was surprisingly good  this place isnt a steakhouse.n they have fried mac n cheese tots . n the fries are greatnnthe waitress at the bar is grouchy and mean . the waiter is much nicer but doesnt know anything about wine .
__label__pos an   airport   in    is even pleasant . simplicity is key when it comes to a good  and this is definitely one of the better ones ive been too .
__label__pos   try the  salmon  .    .  was really really tasty .
__label__neg the fair is kind of cool because it always takes me back to being a kid . not specially this fair since i am from ohio but the generalized idea of the fair . the arizona state fair typically has at least a few descent concerts that i added each year a lot of rides which i do not ride and a lot of games . but there are also a lot of  and perhaps it is partially because of the age of the fair and the growth of the  around it . first parking is challenging . actually not so much the parking because i usually have no  parking on the lot for 10 but getting to the parking is the issue . the traffic is very congested there and it makes getting to the fair a negative experience . there are throngs of people crossing the street which delay the  cars and they in turn block the street so the cars diving toward the fair can not proceed . nnanother issue is ticketing . it is the 21st century and you would think there would have been some advances in ticketing . but no . come on a friday evening and be prepared to wait a long time to get a ticket because there are hundreds of people and only six ticket booths . how about installing some automated ticket booths like the movie theaters nni like the concerts but i am always confused . do i pay for the concert and the fair typically that is what i have been doing but last week as i was hoping to go to a concert and the long ticket line caused me to not get through until 715 there were fair representatives telling people if they had their concert ticket they  just go in the back gate without buying fair admission . i also heard that there are free general admission seats to the concerts if you have a fair ticket . i attempted that this friday and unfortunately did not get in because the general admission was already full.nntraffic issues are not limited to the street . friday evening walking down one of the main paths in the fair everything came to a standstill . the path had food booths on both sides so people standing in line at those vendors extended into the path and there were so many people coming in both directions that it turned into a mass area of people just standing and unable to move for more than five minutes . as we were able to slowly eventually shuffle it moved better once we passed the food booths . nni still like the thought of the fair  though it is an expensive evening with the food and  . but the parking the ticketing and the number of people in an area that is too narrow makes it an  i can only tolerate once or maybe twice per year . the fair can not address the issues of the street traffic but adding improved ticketing and spreading out the items inside the fairgrounds would help .
__label__neg       121914 filming for diners driveins and dives at andreolis and i have absolutely no idea as to why . there are better restaurants and better food and better customer service than here . you need to find out where the locals actually eat at . or better yet walk around the neighborhood and ask the locals what they think of their neighbors you will not find too many nice answers . they even had some patrons walk in with a yo paulys pizza shirt on and they were rudely told to leave that youre not going to be waited upon here . bizarre .
__label__pos high quality  of meatthe  duping  is on point my only  with this place is the  so i give it four star for that  otherwise this place is 
__label__pos  joes  is the  . they are  helpful and engaging people . they are always interested in telling you stories hearing your stories and telling you which foods they like.nnthe selection is eclectic . its  walking into a foreign store where you have to  every item  to discover what kind of treasure it is .
__label__pos i like trader joes for an amazing variety of items you wont find in most stores . they have garlic  and the base for tikka masala so all you have to do is add cooked chicken and you have yourself a  and easy meal . my favorites include cookie butter pinachios  pistachio cookies and chocolate hazelnut cookies . they also have good  red wine from argentina . they also have fresh flowers.nnthis location is pretty convenient as its in a shopping center along eastern ave.  is not an issue . it gets busy in the afternoon . the staff is nice and helpful.nnsometimes i come here even when i dont need anything . then i come home with a whole bunch of stuff . they have way too many interesting finds i love tjs
__label__neg the     they are super slow and it takes  to bring food didnt  it at 
__label__pos a 90 minute sensory  . words cant begin to describe all the crazy shit that goes down in this show . nni had high expectations for this show and cirque met them all .  book your tickets in advance and call the theatre operator . the lady i talked to saw the show  or 4 times and knew the best places to  . i  first row 99 seats . it was perfect cuz you get a full view of the stage and screens and you  a couple bucks too.nni wasnt a big beatles fan . i knew some songs but not all . this show will definitely make you a fan and appreciate the   . some say there isnt enough signature cirque acts but i think there was a good balance between dance and circus . there will be some beautiful parts some buttclenching parts some wtf thats so crazy but i love it parts and some feel good parts . go see it now
__label__pos i   yesterday my first las  show.nnit was mindbogglingly fantastic . i was totally swept away and mesmerized for over two  . the sheer  imagination music engineering intricate choreography left me in a state of  admiration for the entire effort.nnit was superb beyond words . see it before you  .
__label__pos tonight  oct. 2014 was the second time that ive seen the beatles  show at the mirage  in las vegas . this show is definitely worth seeing . the dancers the aerial artists the music all come together in one flowing magical evening . if you get to see one show in las vegas i would  recommend this one there are two  every night except tuesday and wednesday.ntickets range from 79 up to about 175. i think sitting higher is more advantageous as you get to see things take shape . however tonight we sat   from the stage and that was very  as well .
__label__pos this new wine lounge serves tapasstyle cuisine in an upscale setting . i  had dinner here and especially  the hawaiian ahi au poivre and sea bass wellington plates . i would change the  and the mac n cheese recipe . the service was good throughout and the  sold us on dessert by describing the pastry chef as a rock star . that said the caramel  was very  . i will go back to try the winecocktail lounge off the main dining room . the bar set up appears to remain the same as when the restaurant was chicagos own . i dont find the bar inviting however it will  be popular with the  set .
__label__pos ive been here several times but most recently i went there with a  friend who was visiting from vegas . we decided to stop in real quick and enjoy the happy hour specials . the specials were fantastic probably one of the best happy hours but besides the pricing the food and house margaritas were delicious . the service was great we had bartender ben who was awesome . we even met local charlie who let us try one of his   tortilla chips that we were curious about which were great . if youre an enchilada fan i would suggest getting one chicken and one cheese and mixing them . we found the combination to be great together . the cheese crisp and  are always a favorite too . i find the water park as mentioned by another yelper and the patio to give this  its  . if it wasnt summer im  we would have been out on the patio .
__label__pos this is a chain restaurant but they are fanatical about the quality of their food and service . its a little pricey at around 2025 a plate for a dinner entree but the food is high quality.nnlets get our priorities in ordernnin terms of drinks i had a vodka tonic well vodka there is smirnoff but they also carry ketel one and a watermelon margarita . the vodka tonic was about what youd expect . a decent neutral drink with a splash of citrus . the watermelon margarita was a little sweet for my taste but it was definitely an interesting experience and certainly strong enough and big enough . its a 9 drink but it comes with a sidecar caraffe that will completely refill the margarita glass and then some so its really like 2 margaritas for under five bucks each.nnnow that thats out of the way lets discuss dessertnni had a bite of the cheesecake which was tasty but not award winning . nnentreesni tried the ny strip and a lobster tail both of which were well prepared  im not a huge fan of their spice rub . its not bad mind you i just prefer my steaks either naked or marinated . the good news is their steaks are never frozen and the quality of the cuts i saw looked pretty high mine was good . the lobster tail was good . id say comparable to red lobster which is probably about all you can expect for a chain restaurant in the desert . besides i like red lobster so thats not intended to be a slight its just not the same as living in port towns and having fresh local seafood available which is an entirely  thing.nnthe  garden salad was  to write home about but it wasnt disgusting either . they rounded up the usual suspects iceberg carrots an onion ring a couple of cucumbers and some cherry tomatoes and  them for questioning in an average sized bowl . it was about what youd expect for a dinner salad at a steak place.nnthe bread was fresh and delicious . i liked the taste better than that brown stuff they serve at outback.nnmy baked potato was pretty much what youd expect from a baked potato . split down the middle with butter in it . it was good but i couldnt finish it as i had too many other competing morsels to contend with.nnall in all the food was good and my only complaint was that i  too much . i would definitely go again .
__label__neg wow . it could have been great . it could have been incredibly sexy . it could have been a show to remember . instead it was a painful flop.nnfirst the good . the girls were all quite beautiful as you would expect from a show like this.nnnow everything else.nnthe chairs all faced the stripper pole in the middle of the room instead of the stage where most of the action took place . they were hard wooden chairs which were quite painful to sit in .  they didnt face the stage you spent the evening with your head turned to the side to see the stage.nnthe performances if you can call them that were lackluster at best . the show was horribly choreographed and the girls were seldom if ever in synch with each other . sure they went through the motions but it was obvious that most of the girls didnt care to be there and their poor attitudes really came through in their lack of performances.nnthis was not a burlesque show . it was instead a really bad strip show loosely strung together with the same dancers doing typical stripper routines over and over . for the same money you can get a better strip show at a real strip club here in vegas including transportation and drinksnnlip synching songs on a  production really how about some effort and actually performing the songs the girlgirl  were all contrived and there was no sense that any of the performers were actually in to their performances.nnthe comedienne in the  of the show was awful . her jokes were tired and her delivery was way off mark . she came across as  and unfunny and couldnt even keep her own life story which she attempted to weave into her act straight . her only purpose was seemingly to make an already bad and uncomfortable show even worse . nnbottom line skip this horribly produced barely choreographed strip show where the girls arent tipped so they have no reason to care . hell donnie and marie would be a better show than this crap was . we should have  out like the other dozen or so people who actually had some sense .
__label__pos monongohela if thats the way you  it lol is really beautiful and  the ride up is quite fun . it was my first time ever to the pittsburgh area and i got ta say this was an  way to see rhe beautiful city for only 3.50 round trip or 7 for me and my fiancee in  it is  worth the money spent . once up top lots of look out points  . the only reason i rated it 4 rather than 5 stars is because if you  know the transportation system this could end up being a farrrrrrrrrrrrrr  to get to as with any other city wear your walking shoes
__label__pos i have been eating here for about 3  and there is one thing that keeps bringing me  . the tinga taco . nnthe tinga is the single  taco i have ever had . shredded marinated chicken  into a crispy  then the whole thing  fried . throw in there fantastic chips and salsas and you got my  place to go in the  for tacos .
__label__neg chimichangas with a few tiny shreds of chicken mostly 99.9 rice filled . tacos had total of one  of beef in them . if your looking for  filled food dont go here ... they use all  yet  the prices of what youd expect to get in good quality  . dont  your  earned money at this place .
__label__neg i ordered three tacos and all 3 were downright lousy . cant remember the last  i had food this  . the shrimp taco was overbreaded and in a sickly sweet sauce the shredded beef taco was very tiny and thankfully i cant remember what the third taco tasted like.nnto the reviewer who posted that these tacos are  notch ... . what are you smokingnni waited forever to get my food and  numerous other people who came in after me  their  . waiter was mia . not coming back ... .ever .
__label__pos been to both gbs in vegas but this one has a great neighborhood feel . my dad is a  and i show my face a few times a month . most the food is great i order something different everything and havent been disappointed yet even with  i feel iffy about ordering . better maibach than the hofbrauhaus near the  gb and a higher alc content too 8 vs 7. nnplenty of tvs around the bar and dining tables in the back as well as large party rooms in the back which i have been in for a work xmas party . gb also worked for mothers day  dinner with the girlfriend and of course watching sports at the bar enjoying gb beernnnice staff always friendly usually get greeted by a manager or two . see bartenders around town off work sometimes too.nnwarm  nothing loud or clashy comfortable and sometimes dimly lite and intimate towards the back.nn0 complaints i always feel  theres a spot for mennwhat stands out garlic fries seasonal beers staff long happy hoursnalso they have a nice club card with member 
__label__pos great happy hour . i met a  last minute for happy hour a few weeks ago and based on a past experience over a  ago we  to go back . the wine selection and happy hour  were really good and well priced . our service was  too . the  had a great personality and even made me laugh . tough to come by these days so i  that . wish i got her name . id go  again .
__label__pos this  is in the center of the  of the tornado of planet hollywood and the  winds of the city of sin that surrounds it . and like dorothy before me once i was sucked in the world became a magical  where i was surrounded by strange creatures in technicolor . or just some people in ridiculous outfits . nnheart is really quite unremarkable which in las vegas is quite remarkable . having less blinking lights and commotion than the chaos surrounding it makes it quite   on the eyes.nnhaving lost my bearings and auntie em in the howling tempest of insanity outside i would end up here at the end of the night to seek some modicum of solace regain my composure count my  and have decent conversation with friends and other patrons who too sought shelter from the storm .
__label__pos best indian food in  .  from england i have  a lot of indian food and am a  . india  makes some great  love their bombay  staff and friendly  is good .
__label__neg really substandard service and sushi . the atmosphere is nice . when i arrived it took a while for the  to even ask me what id  to drink . i ordered only one  roll and edamame . the roll   for them to make and the entire place was barely 14 full of customers . when it arrived it was really substandard sushi with dry low   . i was really disappointed .
__label__pos  food amazing wine  and truly spectacular service . did i mention that the turnaround was super fast too i mean its kinda  to get used to having your sashimi and nigiri ready in 510  unless its super dead or sitting at the chefs countersushi bar.. you have to try the toro . it is by far the best one i have ever had in my  well im sure when i visit japan itll be that the marbling is unbelievable . the taste is so clean . i couldnt believe i was eating a slice of  tuna it really yates like a5 wagyu the rolls were good too the koi crispy rice was very flavorful though i wish thee was less rice and more spicy tuna . but maybe because the tuna was spicier than average thats why they ratioed the rice and tuna that way . also try the hamachi fusion with truffles and citrus oil . i mean who can say no to black  our serer fernando was delightful . i  have to check out the lounge next time sine we got wristbands when we came out of the restaurant..
__label__pos wow another five star review . this has been a good weekend for eating out . nnthis is a smallish strip mall restaurant . i seem to remember it being a chinese carryout  in the old days . now it is one of the best thai restaurants in the valley . nnwe had pad thai   and   . all was just wonderful . we asked for it all the be cooked number five which is thai spicy . truly excellent and actually spicynot wimped down.nnthe little place is decorated with all sorts of interesting pictures photos statues and other odds and ends . the did a good job  what had been at one time a pretty plain store frontthough i probably would not decorate my house similarly . nnservice was some of the best ive experienced . the waiter was friendly and knowledgable . he brought a little juice box for our toddler which was a  touch . after lunch the owner came out and talked with us for awhile . she told us that she grows a lot of the herbs and spices in her own garden . you can tell . she also asked us to let her know personally if things are ever subpar . she said that when they get busy she worries sometimes that someone will leave unhappy . after chatting with us for awhile she gave little dan another juice box so he also gives the place five stars.nni really hope people support this little gem . i wish we had more places like it . outstanding .
__label__pos   . amazing  and   a  . the   is excellent too .
__label__pos the best  . so clean such  rooms and  . i am dying to go back again . we had adjoining suites too for 11  and it was more than ample amount of roomnnalso they have wonderfully delicious   a bridge that connects to the wynn  to the venetian and right across from the mirage cravings  . what more could you ask for
__label__pos  been my   .      awesome environment . well plce to stay
__label__neg we booked 3 suites for a girls weekend and the hotel was the only disapointing aspect of our stay . though we had booked far in advance in order to get our rooms on the same floor as we requested we had to wait long  the  check in time . they were uncaring and unapologetic about the  that we couldnt get ready in our rooms in order to make our show reservations that evening.nnthe rooms were spacious but tired . handles were missing on the chipped furniture and the lock was irreparably broken on our safe . the man who tried to fix the safe was not only unsuccessful he was not helpful and very unfriendly.nnthe day we checked out we asked for a late check out . we were denied because they said they were booked . when we reminded them we didnt get to check in at the normal time they told us we had until noon to get out . i  the hotel on my cell phone and was told they did have available rooms so not only are they rude they are dishonest.nni am a very nice person and usually get great service . its not as though we caused any problems or were  drinking . there was absolutely no reason for their terrible  but there it was . nnthe only good thing about the hotel was the canyon ranch  . though the restaurant manager messed up our gift cards and tried to tell us we had already used a card we had not he eventually figured out it was his error and apologized the massages and the facility were very nice .
__label__pos having stayed at there other property the venetian i was  to  the palazzo.nsince is newer the  is seem cleaner and more modern.ngreat roomsnthe casino is a little smaller.nthe staff is fantastic.nbeautiful decor  the hotel check in was a breeze.ni had such a good trip i stayed there again two  later and also had a great time .
__label__pos if you have a group get the suite . it has 2 queen beds a walk in  a   a separate toilet closed door 2 sinks a  out  fits  and  side couch so 7 people can sleep comfortably.nnfor 300 a night split between 7 people  good deal .
__label__neg 72814nnthe girl above review is clue less stayed 3 days with no problems not here both towers no power for 2 hrs and no internet for 15hrs but she gives 5 stars what a bunch if crap i suggest you call hotel and asked them if all i said is true in the dates provided you will  its sucks nnno power generators 1hr with out power and counting over 30 floors affected and no emergency lights.. no phone calls and lied about how long it will take nnthis is my review for this hotel it has power issue in all floorsni am in my room for a hour with 3000 guest from our mike ferry conference no power in different floors at the palazzo we have suites and all floors lost powernin the dark typing this phone are cordless so no  there except my suite has office with a reg phone so i called front desk they said its weather related sorry not our fault and generator will be up in a few minutes well that was 1 hr ago called back they  its will be up shortly nn there is no way that any generators in any hotel take 1 hr to turn on yes i am familiar with them they use gasoline or diesel so this hotel does not have generators or forgot to buy gasolinennthis is the worst experience from dirty rooms to no electricity in all floors i called on my cell phone and 15 of my partners in our conference have been waiting also hotel says its a power storm they cant control well its not raining outside and the generators they can control so they liednndo not come to this hotel who cares about the free comps will get from this stay its just not worth it mike ferry should choose somewhere else to do business because this is not worth sitting at a conference for hours a day to come back to this crap stay at the wynn hotel i can see from my room they have power so not weather affected 72814 i have to be here for 4 more  i dont know what will do now ... . managers do not know whats to say except . generator will be up shortly well its now been 1 hr 10 minutes no power..nnnupdate been 1hr 30 minutes no power npalazzo has no emergency generators or emergency light cant wait for nevada hotel commission to here of this unsafe issuennno lights means you better watch your step in your room since they are  and no  if it wasnt for my ipad or phone you would fall break something on these stepsnnshame on you
__label__neg have stayed here a few times and it wasnt bad until my last experience . we got to our room and found wet dirty womens underwear inside the bed covers . called front desk but they didnt seem to be beothered and just  us to move to another room . the second room had a  if you call that an  . but we stayed over the weekend and the  day i understand we forgot to remover our do not disturb so they didnt clean our room second  we slept in and removed our do not disturb after noon or around 1 pm . we came back to our hotel at night and nothing had been  do they not check if guests  in called to ask if they can change our sheets but instead just dropped off fresh sheets and left ... . not a  experience and wont be returning here ever again
__label__neg i wanted to treat my girlfriend to a wonderful seafood lunch to someplace we never tried beforeand this place had great reviews . i literally watched my food get cold in the window while i watched my server serve several other tables that came in after my table . i spent over 150 on two people and she was a terrible  . i had to track down other waiters to get our drinks refilled and to ask for my food that i knew was sitting at the pass . i feel terrible tipping less than 25 because i used to serve tables  i left our awful  1 and a message on the bill and i used no profanity . i politely told her to use better practices when  customers.when i did find other waiters to serve us refills she would come over and just drop the drink off without saying anything . i actually had to ask   to grab our bill . it isnt like we were curt or loud and i always  sure when i go out with people that they are polite to the waitstaff she just ignored us . i will never recommend this restaurant or ever patronize this establishment again
__label__neg used to be a regular at bazix . but now the servers here are disgusting . rude and gives you an attitude especially the female waitresses  the  with the brown crooked teeth sorry im calling you out nshe charged me and my  for everything without even telling us . and talks  rudely to us and yelled . woww.. she got lucky we tipped her 2. food is over  here and wayy overpriced . its even empty here now on the weekends when it used to be packed . its empty here now . only old folks come and eat and  . thats telling you something . theres a reason why people dont  here anymore
__label__pos very good italian food dont  your time standing in  downtown  for over an hour for even better pizza here .  speghetti ... everything is packed with flavor . they may want to make sure the  is suitable for the setting of  or family dinners ...   a staff member had rap on . will come back though
__label__neg placed an  for deliver about 1.5hrs ago . lady said it will be 40 min .  i get even  min but hell ... why  extra for delivery .   . maybe if its  up tell customer youre busy it could be up to 
__label__neg it pains me extremely to give amore only 3 stars we have been going toordering from here very often for over a year even when i was diagnosed with celiac and had to go glutenfree . i waited patiently only ordering chicken vesuvio until they recently started carrying glutenfree products . nnnow i realize when ordering in i take the risk of being contaminated but thankfully not only am i very aware but as well am a bit paranoid ... i have never had a problem ordering from there gluten or  until tonight i ordered glutenfree pasta and received the complete  in wheat i called questioning and it was treated nonchalantly as if a pizza arrived with wrong toppings rather than the fact i was almost poisoned which would land me in the hospital immediately ... not only were they completely flippant about what just happened . i even needed to be the one to bring up about being refunded after a brief verbal brawl i finally just gave the phone back to the delivery guy since he was yelling for it back he gave us our refund and i handed him back the remade meal there was no  i was eating their food ever againnnas i said before i hate deducting stars from a place i love so much but if them giving me wheat pasta wasnt bad enough they showed little to no remorse to a very frequent customer not cool not to mention even if it didnt work out for me to eat there again and feel  i have a very hungry boyfriend whose always enjoyed the taste of their foodlll until the truth of their personalities came outnnupdate this review has gone down to 1 star after being treated in such a poor manner by the managerowner . he truly lost me as a customer when he said i only  this stuff for you poeople . and continued on stating that he would take if off if he could . i have  thought the bigotry i would endure in  would be because of an illness which limits what i can eat shame on this place i could have become seriously ill from their  and his only response was a chuckle saying what am i supposed to sign off on all glutenfree items that leave the kitchen no jackhole you are supposed to educate your staff when you take on the responsibility of serving a very large community of people who are doing this not by choice but for survival
__label__pos oh zas how i love thee.nnits changed a bit since i  but its always been one of my favorite places to get freshtasting delicious food on green street . seriously where else would you  ive been a fan for years.nni have always loved their pastas the best and theyve really expanded the options . last time i  i got multigrain rotini with pesto and veggies . it felt really healthy and light even though it was a sizable  . the huge and delicious piece of garlic bread did kind of counteract the light feeling however ... i  had one of their delicious smoothies and i have   wrong by ordering any of their infinite combos . anything with mango in it is an automatic favorite of minennyeah its not gourmet but for an inexpensive lunch that isnt fast food or a chain place its definitely the best you can get in champaign . and oh the nostalgia factor ...
__label__neg i  here for a birthday party on  and there were  old    on a couch .  
__label__pos this place is legit  pizza ive had in years . the  are friendly and the price is average for great pizza .  time i go in i end up  with the staff for a few minutes and they always remember me and my  . i guess thats not a good sign of my health lol but it is a   of  customer service
__label__pos good food but portion sizes dont make much  . we ordered a half of the sampler appetizer which was huge it was also very delicous.nnwe had also ordered a sandwich to share and we were  with the  of the sandwich . overall  tasted  though nothing  to  home about .
__label__neg first time here and the restaurant itself is unique it had a real southern feel but the service was not too hot . the waitress kept   and wasnt very attentive . she  came  towards the end of our visit but by then it was too late . the  was ok. i had the bbq shrimp but it tasted more like shrimp drowned in cocktail sauce and it was over  ... probably wont   blah
__label__pos while visiting pittsburgh from nyc i had a few hours to spare with my 12 and 4 year olds in tow . we decided to spend the time at the carnegie science center . great idea.nnfirst of all they accepted a reciprocal   membership i had so the cost was  . yea.nneach floor had a theme with exhibits that were age appropriate for both  . my 4 year old could have stayed at the  exhibit on the fourth floor for an hour . my 12 year   the robots . the trains were a  way to start and the submarine is a must see to wrap up the visit.nnhappy exploring .
__label__neg the island theme for the restaurant is really in name only . as far as i can  they do not have any real island food unless you can  burgers . they did have  patties for those vegetarianvegans out there but its nothing that you cant get at the frozen food  at the local supermarket . i have to say i was massively  in the food though the nice thing is bjs  is just a few short steps away and it has a much more varied selection of good food and  . save yourself and just hit that place up instead .
__label__pos leave your dirty laundry at home and just bring your basket ... ... .. you wont be disappointed . you get great value super convenient for us at least and good quality . nni used this service for the first time this weekend . the  has pickup locations all over the valley . we are lucky enough to have one less than 5 minutes away . i was in and out in less than 10 minutes . we left with a laundry basket full of fruits veggies and bread see attached picture . nnfor those who want  . we went conventional since our location did not have organic option 2 tomatos 13 gala apples 5 asian pears 1 pineapple 1 large celery stock 1 pound strawberries 11 bananas 1 broccoli stock 1 bundle green onions 1 cantaloupe 1 large green leafy lettuce 1 english cucumber 5 pound bag of potatos . we had 1 order  bread which is 4 loaves which is a extra cost . all for the cost of 25  for the fruit and veggies and 10 for bread . note there is a small card  fee and a 3 first timer charge . nni compared this yes i had some time to kill this am to httpwww.safeway.com and you would pay 49. granted like us you probably would buy veggies and fruits on sale  than full price so this is kinda misleading . this is only for comparison . nni would compare the quality of products as the same as your grocery stores although the bread we received was much better than any grocery artisan selection . the selection gives us a  you tend to pick the same stuff up every week at your normal store . nni hope they will have organic option at our pick up location soon . nni would like to thank yelp for introducing me to this as amanda b mentioned in her review would of never found this without the help of 
__label__neg the buffet at treasure island was a huge disappointment . i have had  food at ponderosa back in the days . i was excited to compare this buffet with the one at   in old vegas  . so i roll in and notice that it was a lot cleaner that is for sure . but the taste of disappointment filled my mouth when i took my first  . there were two things that help salvage this place from getting a one star review . the first was how good the service was . finally the dessert station was crazy good . they had mini  cookies cakes pies excuse me i had to  the  from my mouth ice cream and flippin cotton candy nnif you have bland taste buds then this place is for you . otherwise id recommend you go elsewhere to satisfy your hunger
__label__neg probably the worst buffet in las vegas . this place makes the already notsogreat vegas buffet in glendale ca . look good.nnhttpwww.yelp.combizvegasseafoodbuffetglendalehridjniwxv7pdciru7phaetmra nni bet imperial palaces buffet do they have one is better . i know the flamingo buffet is . nnthe line to get in is like waiting for riddlers revenge in six flags magic mountain . too bad it doesnt store as much excitement . usually people line up for vegas buffets because the food is actually good . this just has a line because they give  who stays in the hotel two for one meal vouchers . i should know i had one.nnwhen you finally get in you  the line is finally over . wrong you enter and you line up to get food . from the pathetic sushi selection to the chow mein makers to the g0ddmn salad bar . lines lines lines by this point i am starving . the salad maker wouldnt even help me . there was 1 lady helping 25 people in line . ti  you  hire more employees nni barely tried anything in this buffet . i stuck to the americanbbq  . their spareribs were dry the chicken was ok and i piled up on the collard greens . honestly i was so hungry i was just eating whatever to shut my belly up . the desserts were not memorable . though i do love me some buffet cookies . nni will not be back.. unless i get another free voucher.. which may not be likely because i never want to stay at ti again . its just a ghetto hotel that needs to be destroyed already . time for a new skyscraper hotel again .
__label__pos it was free because it was including in the resort fees i was very happy with the choices and  of food for a buffet . the  during the weekend has many different breakfast options . the omelet tasted better than ihop or original pancake house . nthe chefs create made to order  which a smile and are  to what i want in the salad . nthe bbq was a favorite for my husband and the sushi didnt taste as fresh as other restaurants but it tasted good . ni  the orange chicken as it was crispy and wasnt full of fatty pieces . nthe dessert oh the dessert amazing they were not buffet style ... they were boutique bakery style desserts wow i would come just for dessert . and they have sugar free options toonwe went twice and would  again if we came back to  
__label__pos  is by far the  . hes got such a lighthand . my portrait    .   penny all day  .
__label__neg the  for this show is  and it could be hilarious . but one of the actresses lisa mack playing the professional woman is such a terrible actress its impossible to get past her  it up and just enjoy the show . nnthe song  are funny but the singing in this play is not at a professional level.nnthis show needs to be recast with  level actresses who can actually singnnall in all i kept thinking this is like a bad high school production this  definitely is not worth 
__label__neg what a joke . the guy may  a little bit like elvis but he doesnt look like him despite several plastic  to achieve the look . his dancing and pelvis swinging are mediocre at best . his trophy wife adds little to the show . mostly she just  around aimlessly to some of the elvis filmstracks . cmon trent elvis is a one man show who relied on his showmanship good looks and singing talent to carry the show . obviously he doesnt have any of that so he has to use his  wife in the act . to top it off my husband and i  trent after the show . i couldnt believe his unprofessionalism and racist attitude . both of us are from india originally . when my husband said hi to trent he had the nerve to  him that hed see him later at the local 711. wow trent maybe you should look at hiring a new public relations team..obviously your current one thinks its ok to act like archie bunker with such a bigoted attitude . i want the hard earned money i spent on the show back..its better put to  at a local 711
__label__pos my wife and i saw this show nov  and we really enjoyed it . the mc is the  with the birds from americas got talent and he is okay as the  . the  are kind of short but they are good . i would recommend it and it is good for  . i  the magic was a little longer but what we saw was fantastic .  tickets are not needed because the theater is not that big so views are okay anywhere pretty  .
__label__neg oyshi used to be one of my favorite binge eating locales however the last  i went was an utter letdown . nnwhat differentiated oyshi from other allyoucaneat sushi spots was the quality of the  . what used to be fresh now looks and tastes  .  all of the nigiri sushi was disgusting uni being the worst . nnthe cooked food is  good hence   instead of one but its allyoucaneat sushi not allyoucaneattempuraedamameteriyakiskewers . nnwould i go back probably not . id rather spend 5 more and go to a  buffet like the m resort . at least you know the sushi is going to be sub par there and gravitate towards the other entrees .
__label__neg first off id like to start off with how amazing the food is . i cant complain about that . i  think they have the best menu in vegas its my goto spot for sushi . they get 10 stars on the food nnas for the service i dont know where to start . dont get me wrong the servers are nice never get an ugly attitude with them but they are so incompetent . each and every single one of them . im not sure if they were trained that way but i get that experience with them every single time i come in . i feel like they forget to put my order and thats why they come by and ask what im waiting for.. it never fails i am a server myself so i know how it can get  ... but it is so ridiculous that i get the same experience every time . i almost think that theyre doing it to me on  and i  tip on 1820 but this  time i just couldnt do it . so the one star is for the service but the food is aaaamaazing nnif youre willing to try  food on  service id suggest you try oyshi .
__label__pos i have heard a lot about this event but it took years for me to  attend . too  because i  probably have a  full of amazing art by now i loved the huge selection of arts crafts jewelry and entertainment at this  . since well behaved dogs are allowed of course our doggie bailey tagged  . we are looking  to the next tempe  fest
__label__pos if you dont have a  of money for an amazing super romantic allout steak dinner at least call them for some lobster mashed potatoes to go ... i promise it will be the best 23 on mashed potatoes evernntucked away in what looks like a business strip across from neiman marcus and nordstrom city hall doesnt look like a steakhouse and the entrance can be hard to find keep going down camelback west and turn in across from neiman . you walk into a cozy upscale venue that doesnt demand you be dressed to the nines . its equally a great place for the date of a lifetime or an upscale hangout with friends there is a loungy area by the bar with live music.nnthis is the place where waiters replace  forks before youve reached to grab it where they are talkative but make the best recommendations ever and where you will stop talking because the food is just too good to slow down for conversation.nnthe steak speaks for itselfjust order it . i still have other favorites in the valley but their steak is definitely in the top tier of  . nnit is the sides that totally make this place.ni never thought i would like  cornthis place makes it southern style and i basically ended up stealing it from my husband.nlobster mashed potatoes . these changed my world . seriously . i cant even make this . it was creamy and meaty and flavorful and enough to eat for lunch for the next two days i took this to go and thanked the mastros staff while i reheated it the next day . nnthis place isnt cheap mind you . itll set you back just like any high   dinner . so make  you are hungry and you are ready to appreciate it.nnanytime husband wants to meet me after im done shopping this is my go to place . i absolutely love it.nso much food we took enough home to feed us both for lunch the next day and part of dinnernthey also separated all the components for me so that everything could be  separately .
__label__pos mark richs ny pizza imho is rated way too low . i know haters are going to hate no matter what but dang people if youre going to hate make it for the right reasons . nnmy wife 2 year old and i checked this place out last night and i was pleasantly surprised . ok being a pizza snob its not settebello . but sometimes you want a pizza without fuss that you can customize and with a thin crust . and thats what i got a pizza with a reasonably thin hand tossed crust . i watched the guy toss it and hes good at it . and when you add fresh veggies and tomatoes and more its not going to be as dry as a cracker its going to be kind of wet .  i said wet not soggy theres a vast difference there i ordered a ny combination tossed the bell pepper added green olives and tomatoes . what i got tasted great . the green olives added just the right amount of saltiness so it was like a combination  a mediterranean pizza . it was good . but i wasnt the only one liking it as my 2 year old didnt spit it out and he ate very good here . this is also one place where i even  the crust as it was really goodnnmy wife ordered manicottis which i tried and liked but had to stay away from as i had that massive pizza to  . our appetizer  mushrooms zucchini and mozzarella sticks . the zucchini was off for me but my wife loved it and the mushrooms and mozzarella sticks were quickly gone . nnservice was really  . i did have one time i had to ask for an ice tea refill but that was it . service with a smile yep got it here in abundance .  and one other little detail the fork i was using had seen better days . but beyond that i have nothing else i can gripe about . nnoverall i liked this place . and i will be back . while old school pizzeria grimaldis and settebello have their place mark richs ny pizza is  a look too .
__label__pos overall good experience .  the garlic tapenade and   with a 2009 louis martini cab.nncaesar salad was ok a little watery instead of pasty bold  fixed with a little extra dressing.nni ordered the rib eye special the husband ordered pasta with sausage neither were memorable . our friends enjoyed the chilean  bass and lasagnannour waiter  was good and accommodating.nwe didnt care for francisco the asst . waiter limited english and not helpful .
__label__neg i will admit that i primarily use yelp to read other reviews but after my experience here i think its time to write my first review . but i will try to keep it short . nnso i came here as i received a gift car for my birthday and i was extremely excited for my full spa day as i really  it . needless to say it started great and ended horribly . nni started with a facial by adrienne and she was amazing if you decide to get a facial here please go to her.nnnext i received a massage by lamberto . he  off good really focused on stressed areas but then it got bad when he decided to hold full blown conversations while doing the massage which took away from the  mood . so if you get a massage hes good just let him know in the beginning you want quite.nnand now the real reason for the 2 star rating ... . her name is julie . and do not go to her if you dont want your time wasted . she was supposed to give me a manipedi but i dont know what to call what she did . super nice but cant do a proper manipedi to save her life . i asked for a flower on my toe that ended up looking like a  so i asked her to take it off asked for a rockstar glitter nail she completely didnt spend the time to make sure my nail was fully covered and then didnt mention that there was an extra charge for the one nail of glitter . which by the way it looked she should have  me not the other way around . again sweet  but  her if you actually want your toes and nails to  like a professional handled them .
__label__pos spicy pickle is a semiregular  stop for me . its  to the office and until last week i could snag covered parking . no more now all the formerly open spots are reserved . drat . ive only had one thing here the classico  which is a complicated  of saying pepperoni pizza . its very thin and very fresh and suits my appetite just right . the crust is great and theres something about the seasoning in the sauce that  the spot for me . someday ill get adventurous and order   from the menu .
__label__neg i wanted to love this place . i really really did but really really didnt love it . i didnt even like it that much . we took some friends there for lunch today and by the looks of the food it seemed so promising . it is a  spot where the food it pretty much preprepared and being heated in the windows at the counter . this restaurant has pizza salads pasta sandwiches and baked goods . i ordered one of the specials chicken parmesan with a side of penne alla vodka . the chicken was so bland that i felt like i was eating boiled chicken . as my husband put it it tasted like diet food but without the benefits of diet food because of the breading . the pasta was also weirdly bland and spicy . the spicy part really surprised me because i have never had it spicy . my husband had the penne alla campagna 12 and  12 penne dish that we cant remember . his were slightly better than  but not by much . it is sad that the best part of the meal was the pepperoni pizza we  for kids . would i go there again probably not . for  adults and 2 kids we spent 65 which i find disappointing for an extremely mediocre meal . i suppose for people that work close by it is downtown at  and adams it is a nice convenience but if i  italian food id probably choose pasta bar .
__label__pos focaccia fiorentina it sounds like a string of italian curse words but it tastes like a gift from the heavens ... nni went down here with melissa because i had purchased a 2 coupon from that online place wink wink that let us  35 worth of food for only 10. needless to say after all the  of the coupon minimum 2 people dinein only we had enough food for an italian army still it only cost 10 and i was hungrynni got the 3 sandwich which had genoa salami moz tomatoes on you guessed it focaccia bread pardon my french er ... italian . she got the 6 which had turkey and a bunch of other stuff that i cant remember . we also ordered the  something vodka . you know youre an alcoholic when all you  is the vodka part oh and a large  salad . finally we passed our 35 minimum and we sat down with all this food.nnpeople were staring at us all hateful like we stole this food from ethiopians or something geez i didnt know there was a  against ordering this much food . we werent going to eat it all there i promise we got boxes yes pluralnnthe food was great the lady that greeted us not so much . we must have interrupted her break because she was giving me the stink eye . yes can i  the 3 ugh did you see thatnnwhy is it that italians have the best of everything the tastiest sandwiches the tastiest pasta the tastiest bread the tastiest men ... ahem sorry . got carried away . but its true everything about italy is awesome . pizza  this place has pizzas too . maybe next time
__label__neg pros the pool area is beautiful as all of caesars palace is . also the water was very warm and the music was pretty  ... not the techno i was expecting.nncons if you  to  to a pool and be able to grab a chair to lay in prepare to pay . to get a chair you have to pay 100 in food and beverage credits . if you want a  bed prepare to pay 250. its only two of you asked the host  i can give it to you for 200. how generous . if youre not a baller and dont plan on spending 100  person while youre there.. on top of entrance this isnt the place for you . glad we had  to get in free
__label__pos  here with my husband for the first  a few days ago and i have to say i was impressed however im shocked to see so many comments about the atmosphere . it was  ... the fire places were beautiful however the walls are very bare very paneled very sterile . hang some art work and the music did not match the decor at all . it was mariachi music that felt like i was at filibertos ... not classy at all . nhowever i was very impressed with the food . great salsa and chips good margarita pomegranate and excellent shrimp salad shrimp jicama  mango and goat cheese with a  dressing . it was worth the 14 price tag would recommend to any salad fanatic .  had the  and wasnt as impressed . overall good  and drinks terrible art decor and lousy music playing but 45 for that salad
__label__pos i live in a city santa cruz  where a much   theater is the only venue for the sorta indie movies that come here . this place is clearly very  ... and i dont know if they do it anymore but when i went there a year ago some worker introduced the movie ... it was a little weird but i guess it  remind me of the sundance film  if i had ever gone there . the seats were comfy and the audiovideo was pretty good . yeah ... expensive . id probably not go there as often as  theaters . but its still a really nice place to go  a movie and maybe the cost can keep away a few of the loud jackasses you dont want at the movies .
__label__neg i am an ex neiman marcus employee and a life long  of the company.nmaybe my  working there and in customer service in general have built my standards higher than any outlet can live up to.nbut seriously whether its an outlet or the  line store it still has the neiman marcus name attached to it . is it too much to expect the basics of great customer service just the basics ... napparently it is.n1045 am on a thursday ... yeah that wont be the busiest of days but is it really necessary to have only one cashier and a  one at that . there were 3  in front of me each paying separately for a combined total of 7 items.ni was in line for 18 minutes . nthe cashier didnt have   in the register to give the woman immediately in front of me 14 change . she paid 40 cash for something that cost 26 and they couldnt give her change reallyncome one neiman marcus .  it up .
__label__pos so chinese buffet is my guilty food pleasure ... and this place by far is my new place to go to enjoy that pleasure . i can tell i will be here allotnni can honestly say i love this buffet i do chinese buffet as my cheat day food of choice . its all you can eat for crying out loud.nnso i have been to this place twice now and felt it was worthy of my time on yelp.nnso i can honestly say that this is one of the largest buffets i have ever been to in phoenix i  this place has so much to choose from i almost thought i was in vegas for a minute . and in general everything is pretty tasty . nnthe  at this place is delicious and trust me in the two times i have been there i can honestly say that i have tried pretty much close to everything they have that i like . nnmust tries is the bacon wrapped shrimp the italy shrimp they do have some great shrimp  ... and any of the soups or deserts .  with the orange chicken or any of the vegetable trays . nnthere are a few thing i will say that i thought could be a bit better ... the sushi is good ... but get there early because it seems to sit out all day long and if you are there later it is definitely something i would stay away from but buffet  i am sure is near impossible to keep fresh i am sure and their eggrolls seem to be very bland.nn and the crab puffs ... now i love me some crab puffs ... but i will say i am not sure that whatever is in these things is even cream cheese..it tasted more like allot of flour mixed in with very little cheese . the crab legs also seem to be a bit small but they have fricken crab legs for crying out loud so i guess i cant complain . nni will say that the staff here is very friendly and on top of drink service and i really like the fact that give you the check at the end of your meal with fortune cookies like more of a  sit down chinese restaurant rather than a buffet.nni enjoy this place thoroughly and  giving it a try .
__label__pos how can you go  with bww great place to  a game and  a few  . lemmon pepper  garlic and hot are the  of flavors from a variety of flavors they offer with all the screens  up  the room theres no game you can miss
__label__neg ok i am not a shopper ... by no means but as part of the activities for a small family get together in vegas i agreed to go along . i had no idea what to expect but had heard that there was this great new mall in vegas.nnlet me  this slam of a review by saying it was the end of june in vegas which means it was hot but not yet vegas read africa hot yet . i think it was about 100102.nnso the  of this project must have picked their architect from a pool of guys passing around a massively packed water pipe . nnwho builds an outdoor mall in the middle of the freakin desertnnsomeone should have told the guy that most people in the usa go to the mall to get out of the heat . nnnow add to this that instead of one main thoroughfare like the outdoor mall in slc the gateway this place has side streets and the sight lines and the signage makes it impossible to  what stores are where . between the heat and the need for a gps to navigate this place most people must go to  or  stores they know they need to go to then pack it up and head out.nnnow they did have misters here and there but the ones that did work did not do much as they were 10 off the ground and the water evaporated too high off the ground . the real kicker is the kids play area which was quite nice had very little shade and no misters top that off with the water feature in the kids area was not even workingnnin the end the best part of my  to this mall was leaving the  behind driving across the parking lot and exploring the nice airconditioned realm of frys
__label__pos got lost on looking for a drug store so i stopped here and did some shopping . i  this outdoor door .  of the stores i went in the dude was telling me about a sale thats going on this week end .  im a student i love sales so i will be back on  . i also stopped at the movie  to catch a flick . i enjoyed the movie as well . the only problem i had was some old lady seating  me was talking and asking me was  in the movie . nhands down i will be 
__label__pos     us here . the     there for a few hours . my 3 year old cousin ran through maze climbed on the jungle gym and jumped in the jumpy thing . lots of shops and lots of great places to eat . if you need a place to shop eat or keep you kids entertained i definitely recommend town square .
__label__pos if you enjoy  around outside and shopping this is the place to do it . there are several clothing stores and   . town square also offers a movie  bars  and restaurants.nnit is easily accessible from the expressway and from the blvd . there is ample parking around the perimeter if you cant find any metered parking inside the square.nnmost of my trips to town square are to whole foods . it is one of the  whole foods in the area . i also make a trip down to texas  brasil every so often.nnit is absolutely a great place to eat drink and shop . i definitely recommend  a trip to town square .
__label__neg being delayed in any airport sucks . being stuck in the  nc airport downright torturous . nnthey have zero decent food options .  you like fried greasy flavorless processed food . between bojangles chicken and biscuits and the nascar  the pickings are slim . nni thought going to jose cuervo tequileria  be a safe bet . not that i thought a mediocre at best tequila brand could  good mexican  but i figured i could at least order a salad or munch on some nachos and get a decent margarita . nnall three of which they managed to completely butcher . the margarita tasted more like overly sweet  freeze pop and they serve you the shaker as if youd want more . not  why they even bother carding my margarita barely had tequila fumes .
__label__pos my  and i love this place their salads are great and are  in  . you can  inside or  through if you are in a hurry . the staff is always friendly . we eat here at least once or  a week and we dont   .
__label__pos  food   . its   and   a happy greek grandma made my  the marinated chicken platter is my favorite great spices and flavor . clean bathrooms too love this place . opa
__label__neg ive been to the urban tea loft four times now and all four times it has been an awful experience . i guess i continued to  because i wanted to support the restaurant and i understand the meaning behind the tea concept and admire the owner for the fight against cancer.nnlet me be honest by saying the food is decent . mac and cheese is great ... service is extremely slow ... give me a break ... we were 1 of 2 tables there ... . at the start of the morning ... cant be busy when theres only 9 tables and only 2 were taken up . nnmy guy and i ordered bloody marys ... first let me say there wasnt any garnish and there wasnt any seasoning in the drink it was pure tomato juice .  we ordered ... i ordered french toasts and my guy ordered the ribeye skillet ... i waited ten minutes after i placed my order to check in through yelp ... we waited 37 minutes not including the 10 i waited prior ... and still no food ... so i walked over to the server and politely asked for the check and they kept saying are you sure you want it.. your food is really almost out you kidding me.. almost out uh ... let me think ... . no crap ... i would really like it ... basically she never did what i asked.. instead she came back with the food ... the ribeye ... was raw ... i ate my french toast cause i was so ... hungry but give me a break ... absolutely no  on anything ... manager nor the owner didnt even come out to apologize ... how ridiculous is this nni dont like to  bad reviews this is actually my first ... and forgive me for grammar but i just am still so annoyed . i gave this restaurant the  of the doubt and every time they have let me down . no excuse for poor service ... we paid full price for everything absolutely nothing was comped and it was obvious i was upset but wasnt rude.. i just simply said im sorry but 47 minutes is a very long time to wait for french toast so we would like our check and pay for our  ... and i still tipped 20 ask me why i have no clue ... ive been a server and in no way would i ever let my customers leave unhappy.. i would apologized get their food comped get a manager and make sure if they do ever come in again they will be well taken care of . no excuse for such poor service ... the restaurant wasnt busy ... i crap bricks when i leftnni dont recommend to eat in.. maybe order togo but thats it . the 40 i spent on breakfast i couldve been in and out stuffed at bld . no thank you for the 5th visit ... this place really pinched my nerves ... 4 visits and each visit has always been extremely slow ... restaurant is too small to be  when the restaurant isnt even full ... 2 servers for 9 tables ... please dont tell me its too much to  . well i will never return here again ... those who have gone here and have gotten great service and didnt have as long of a wait for food.. good for you they need customers somewhere and somehow .
__label__neg not busy and horrible  . barely any tvs to  football unless you like 20 screens .  to the  and it was  with garbage everywhere . and very over priced along with not a  of food  . good 
__label__neg they sick they didnt  show the 4th quarter of the official 1st place game . card vs washington . so lame after we  a 70 bill you think we  the game and sound of the game . so lame so we went nxt  to the closest . bar west . we basically got  out . so lame good thing  closing and the  st second bar are way  and so is the sound .
__label__pos amazing teppanyaki lunch under  and you  a lot of  . the  beef was super soft and  in your  . make a res cause this place   .
__label__pos  i am in love found the  in a strip mall but was  braving 100 degrees with pasty white skin for island sushi . didnt go ayce cos my eyes are bigger then my stomach nni hate  food so ordered ala carte with the scotsman . had miso salmon lomi and garlic ahi tuna to start..the tuna had great flavour and was a fave right away . nnfor rolls we ordered the big island mauna loa and another one with  roll topped with  scallop and mushroom on top the name escapes me cos i am working on 4 hours sleep while writing this after a night at the  tables in the orleans . nnhats off to the fantastic staff at island answered all our questions and since it was monday we got 50 off our  bonus
__label__neg i hope that  that reads my yelps realizes that i usually review places that have rubbed me the wrong way . unless they rub me in a really good way and ive thoroughly enjoyed it . nnfirst off this place is the pits . ive been coming here for a while now and ive experienced quality degrade . the more i come the less i want to be here . today is the final  in the coffin . nnwhat a long wait time to even order food i was in line for a good 7 minutes before i was given attention to place an order . nnprices are outrageous for what i got i would have preferred any other hawaiian restaurant thats more filling and has better quality.nni got the garlic chicken and chicken katsu combo . my  got a saimin . so whats easier two pieces of different styles of chicken and frying it or putting noodles some toppings in a bowl with broth you tell me ... nni got mine in 7 minutes after ordering and was told the saimin will be right out . great then we waited 78 more minutes before requesting a refund . i dont like eating in front of other people and i dont like waiting so long for something so easy . from the time we ordered to the time i requested a refund ... 30 minutes . there was a little wait to ask for a refund . nnmaybe i was a little impatient but dont bring out other peoples order when a part of a party has  received their food and the rest havent . dont forget to season your customers food . nnwe ended up going to aloha kitchen on sunset  and it was only 7 minutes from the time we  for it to be bagged ready to go . and they were equally as busy as this failure.nnthe saving grace which  for  really generous stars are for their malasadas and their poke . besides that you have plenty of hawaiian favorites to choose from dont go here if you want to wait and want to eat tasteless food .
__label__neg i remember when this place used to be my favorite sushi restaurant in town koto . ive given this place a few tries . the food has improved but the service has not . ayce susi with a taste of hawaii . hawaiians are known for being laidback and friendly . nnthere were plenty of empty tables when we got there yet we had to wait for a table . really we  out order . some items took forever but some we never  . i guess our previous server was  up his shift but didnt notify us . we tried a few  rolls teri beef sliders garlic edamame ahi poke salmon katsu and malassadas . we didnt order that  but we spent 2 hours total here.nnlunch ayce is from 1130am4pm for 21.95 and dinner ayce is from 4pmclose for 26.95. there are certain items that are only available for dinner limit 1person 2 dessertsperson and theres a 90minute limitfor ayce . with service slower than molasses youll easily go over 90 minutes nnthe food was good but the service really turned us off . my boyfriend is very calm and laidback and for him to even say something about the  says a  . the female server was  rude . no smile on her face no nothing . the servers dont even look up to see if anyone in the restaurant needs something . they walk around with their head down or pretending to be busy . 3 servers and 5 tables cmon
__label__pos         service menu 3 hot tubs 1 cold plunge huge steam room and sauna lots of drinks no robe placed in warmer during treatment tho . day pass only 26. enough said . go enjoy be pampered .
__label__neg i have been to several cracker barrels and expect pretty much the same  food and decent service . tonights experience was terrible . stephanie w our waitress never refilled our glasses . we had to  her down several times to get her attention . she brought only 2 biscuits for 2 people and when we asked for more she told us that was all we  have . soup was cold we had to send it back . i  it was bc she brought it late after the entree was brought . my grilled  was very small and undercooked . it was a   at  .
__label__neg so since ive moved here and have been driving on the 95 and seeing the sign off the highway ive been very curious .  my parents came to visit me and i could pretty much drag them anywhere i felt like . on the website it says there are  prices that are discounted and they claim to check id . im pretty sure this place doesnt get much business because no ids were  for my nonlocal parents which made me happy because they charge around 10 extra per person . nnthis place is for kids . i could see if i brought my niece here i would have  enjoyed it more but definitely a few hour trip not an all  thing . there were a few interesting exhibits like history of vegas and the flash flood demonstration . i can appreciate las vegas making an attempt to  some type of culture and educational experience but definitely not up to par to what i am used to from my hometown of chicagos childrens museum.nnmy mom was excited about the botanical gardens and then we realized that dessert plants are not the  and  gardens we are used to .
__label__neg negative 10 stars nthis place was  trashy n1  walking danicing around barefoot . wtf  asian   who  he was cool as shit he was anything butn3 drinks were pretty fing gross . n4 complete  of time and money .
__label__pos east end  is a very small operation . they are located in a small garage type building . once inside its simply just some  a small bar area and a merchandise table . they only sell 23 beers in bottles.nnas for the beers they allow you to sample any of them . i was a big fan of the pumpkin .  southern tier pumpking this was my  pumpkin beer i had tried up until that point . i also was a big  of the harvest beer . so i took two growlers home of those and bought two glasses . nni recommend  a trip there try the beers get a growler and enjoy
__label__pos there are breakfast  in the valley then there is over  . it is a  atmosphere and the service is always very good . i really love most  they have on their menu however their corn beef and  is so good i have taken many with me to enjoy breakfast and  forward to  
__label__neg     for   and   shelf watered down crap avoid this place . place was empty wonder why . oh btw what bar cant make a moscow mule . pathetic management . well get 1 star because they live up to their name .
__label__pos   and a       . the selfserve pepper fridge is a nice touch .
__label__pos  deliciousnessevery bite every thing every time . i have been coming here for years and i am amazed at how good it is every time . fresh home made rolls high quality beef or chicken   make an amazing sandwich and the fries oh my goodness soooo good especially the  potato . the fry sauce is a must but if you  ranch ask for some on the side  made and best on the planet.no jokei would have it as my drink if i could afford the calories . employee turn over is low so they must take  of the staff and the owner is  there working just as hard as every one else . thanks for an amazing lunch .
__label__neg i really wanted to love this place . my wife and i had been there twice before for dinner and really enjoyed it so we decided to come back on our anniversary and sit in the bar for the great live music . i realize we were sitting in the bar area but the service this time was very slow and we were left alone for long spans . nnthe reason for my bad reviewnwe ordered a dish that contained mussels . half way through eating it my wife realized one of the mussels was still closed . the waitress went to ask the chef about it and came back to  us the chef said it happens all the time and its perfectly safe . we sent the dish away . bye bye doggy bag . neven if the chef is right and the closed mussel is safe ... why would it be served that way there were only 34 mussels in the dish and it should be easy to check that they are all open.nand also ... as a person with a phd in chemistry who now works in  ... i would not eat anything with a closed mussel in it . its really not worth the risk . also the fda tells us to throw out any mussels that do not open.njust to top off our bad experience we were charged for an extra bottle of wine and had to send the check back.nim really sad about the whole thing because we were really starting to like this place and would have gone  regularly . instead we  feeling bad about it and a little  having also eaten oysters there that night ... .ni should  that the other 2 times we were there the service was excellent and the food was really good . i would recommend avoiding dishes with shellfish if the policy on closed mussels is it happens all the time
__label__neg  is   is      a dump pleaseeee buy some new chairs on the patio
__label__neg i simply dont understand when restaurants are charging 50.00 a  and they  the absoluely  hand soap in their bathroom not to mention the toilet seat was broken and without toilet seat cover . it was not even that busy . nfine the caesar salad was amazing but thats all . we returned couple  back because they simpily didnt prepare the way we ordered . the portion is tiny for main  . glad i am on diet but probably wont go  again . the food just not that impressive . they did give us free drinks for the mistakes they made but probably the least  restaurant in palazzo . oh table  was also horrible .
__label__neg overpriced . tiny portions . total waste of nservice was good but the  of food was low and priced like a 5star restaurant . nni ordered their foie gras which i love love love and what i  was pate it was cold and sucked like well ... it just sucked . the foie gras at the restaurant in paris was super delicious and fresh and rockin..here not at allnnwe also ordered  . and it sucked . my nephew can make mac and cheese instant that tasted better than thisnnwill never go back here and will not waste a  dollar here ever againnni love palazzo and the grand luxe cafe is 1000times better than this place . how they are still in business is beyond me . nnif u want some great steak go to stripsteak at the mandalay bay . you will be so happy and so  .
__label__pos good food good  thou pricey . its vegas n its inside the hotel . expected . nwe had the salmon rillette . good . ntuna tartare . above average . still good .  bread w butter  mashed olive spread . good . ni wanted medium well 14 oz prime ny for my kids to share . it  out well  but still juicy so acceptable . nhad 6 pieces of raw  . not bad but not that great . may be because they were not that  . server said because they are usually a convention  restaurant where theres a corporate credit card that can be charged to in other words expensiveni recommend it . not bad .
__label__neg  . lots of food .  of    .  was  .  beans masquerading as refried bean dip . and the soup tastes like a wet dog smells . howard johnson style decor . chipotle is better and that is saying a lot . second the opinions on the the weird tag teaming service .
__label__pos the   crispy       burger all are good . the sam i am burger is awesome .
__label__pos this is my third trip to the the dilworth location . service has always been superb . hostess  is polite . ive  had the same  twice and  has been cooked as ordered . i would recommend the  tots over the fries . fries tend to be  . and the banana pudding is a must for  . and buttermilk fried bacon add it .  me .
__label__neg take a sports bar serve ehok mexican food and fill the room with testosterone and let the  loose this place was a way too  boyish for our  and the food was not that  . over  with tables as large as basketball courts . i could never  the server or the person  the table  .
__label__neg i am a very faithful customer to companies i respect and like who treat their customers consistently well . this is why i typically chose hilton hotels whether it be embassy suites hilton hampton or any other  of the hilton family . however my stay at the tempe  suites was a huge let down . despite the location being very central located about 13 minutes from the airport and 15 minutes from scottsdale and right near mill ave. it was lackluster at best . the grounds are huge and very confusing to navigate as there are separate buildings each with different letter coding as in building l etc and upon checking in we were given our room number but absolutely no  on where to go . when we stepped out to the outdoor walk way we immediately got lost for about 10 minutes trying to locate our room that was in no clear discernible order and no buildings were marked . it was also frustrating as the walk to the lobby and pool could take a while so a guest felt like they had to carry all their belongings they could possibly need with them to avoid a trip back to the room in 104 degree heat . the staff was consistently cold and somewhat rude there was only one concierge that was helpful and  that i talked to in the 3 days i was there . the cooks at the included breakfast area were also very standoffish acting like they were completely put out to be at work which doesnt really brighten the morning very much . the room was clean and well kept house keeping did a good job . the pool area however was another story . there was styrofoam bits floating in the pool garbage was left around and the towels were empty a lot as we spent a lot of time by the pool . one time when i went in to ask the front desk for more towels the woman  scowled at me and was extremely rude saying i would need to find housekeeping to ask . it wasnt until i asked if she could call them that she  with an eye roll seriously . this was after  through the outdoor walkway past two police officers who were there to mitigate a domestic dispute between two guests ... awesome . i know part of the disappointment i felt was due to some questionable clientele but mainly due to the fact that i expect a certain level of service from hilton and i was very underwhelmed by my interactions with the staff and plan on  hilton of my experience . moral of the story if you get a chance to go here i would opt for a different location .
__label__neg do not eat here a party of three of us ate on sat 3242012. we had no waiting for the line which was good but then we  out why.nnfirst according to them they had no sodapop in the whole place and every time we wanted a refill they had to go  bar in the casino . so this means no real  . most of the  food was  some just cold . we went in at dinner time 730pm.nnafter trying to eat the made to order pasta with red sauce tasted like i have no way to describe it but enough to make you puke . several items were bad on the buffet . my whole party got sick and we all spent night and  in the bathroom in our hotel . i think this buffet should be shut downnnwe will be sending a letter to the hotel and the state health department.nni will never eat here again we could be given free passes for life and would not eat there . i would not even give them to a homeless person
__label__pos good place to watch a game or a fight .   we watched a wwe ppv.lol . lots of seeting but still busy enough . if anyone is a wwe fan you must come here.nnanyway i sat at the bar and had great service . i didnt catch the  name but she was nice . lots of tvs to watch anything you want . i will  be back for any wwe or ufc eventnnnext time ill order food so i can review their menus . the only  i had was their ranger ipa which i think is just an average ipa . i wish they had more of a selection of  brews on tap . i did see 2 beers from san tan but they were not my favorite ones . nni will come back
__label__pos the gold rush  roll  are the  that keep me  back i am not a person who loves seafood but i  kabukis sushi . kubuki is the only place that i eat sushi at the   is monfri 3pm6pm .
__label__pos         salad
__label__neg  customer service .   the   and  not admit it . food is good but they clearly dont understand   . it was 7 us so we still had to pay 18 gratuity . stay away
__label__pos one note a busy best coffee college students popularity tucked in the corner of the strip . nnon the yelp app it says breakfastsandwiches but it was more of a few baked goods and coffee . we went on a saturday morning around 1000 a.m. and ordered two  and a fresh blueberry muffin . the blueberry muffin was  a  homemade  morning snack . wait time was forever but as we left we noticed the line to be huge . we waited 20  or so it seemed for our coffees . nnthere is some talent to the baristas as they take their time which i appreciated by the taste of coffee and  service . they also brew their own coffee and mix it with liquor not sure of the concept but its cool so im glad my  and i checked it out . many college students were gathered in a comfy corner some with books and partly studied some to chit chat . nndont come if youre not going to be patient and want your coffee  or if you want a place to sit immediately . otherwise definately check it out if youre in town .
__label__pos dear friends who work at genghis grill ... .you have seen me three times this week and although i am slightly  out on your delicious americanized mongolian bbq i must admit that you have become my new favorite mall fast food.nnif you are unfamiliar with choosing your own adventure so to speak it is a pretty good idea to go mild the first time and   on the complexity of your chosen dish.nnmy fiancee and i are quite familiar with this sort of food and as such went hog wild and went for broke when piling up the topping and experimenting with the vast combinations of delicious entrees.nnhere is our critique.nnthe badnnwhile overall delicious the sea food selection could  some work scallops were very fishy gross calamari was still frozen and the shrimp was bland and tasteless.nntook way too long to get both of our meals one arrived well before the other all three times read between 5 and  minutes this is dissapointing as it intrudes onto our date  as one of our meal ends up cold.nnthe goodnnsteak and chicken seemed fresh not frozen although couldnt be sure tasted pretty good for an inexpensive meal.nnnoodles and rice were fantasticnnterryaki sauce and garlic sauce were a touch salty but again very good all things consideringnnstaff were very friendly polite and speedy . no wait times on drinks or to be seated even when it was quite crowded.nnnoverall room for improvement but still quite a good little meal if your waiting for a movie . we will be back several times i am sure .
__label__neg i saw a groupon for this place and the menu is ridiculous . curry galore . i just had to purchase it . i drove all the way from scottsdale to try this place and i could not believe what i saw . the place has blacked out dirty windows with chalk writing  actoss them . there were about  plants sitting in the front doorway of the restaurant in rusty tin  . my mom started to walk back to the car but i preservered . i enter the restaurant to find that it was completely empty . to the left there was a very large fish  with cloudy brown water . the fish looked near death . to the right next to the hostess stand was an old dusty television . the surrounding area was covered with clutter . we turned around and walked out groupon in hand . this place  not possibly  health  . i can not even imagine what the kitchen looked  . the place looked very unsanitary
__label__pos this little strip mall indian restaurant gets a bonus point for being so beautiful inside . very contemporary with traditional flair . it gets minus one point beacuse it was hot . was thac broken or was the foods spicey nature taking  of me it was slightly unpleasant but i will get over it . the guru palace gets 3 solid stars on its very friendly helpful service and its wonderful food . i have only dined here twice and it was consitantly good.nthis time from the 8.99 buffett i tried the palaak paneer which is excellent . i of course had a piece of the tandoori chicken thigh piece i  . i have a thing for meat on the bonedont care for it . thats why i prefer chicken  . it was good but not as good as the chicken marsala . pungent and very flavorful . the rice was a differnt form todaynot basmati which i prefer . there was a new dish i did not recognize called mushroom matar . it was delicious with bits of onion and peas in a tangy light gravy of sort . i also enjoy the garlic  . no papdum was offerred this time . i did enjoy a split of champagne which compliments the delightful spicey flavors without filling you up.ni was so warm from the lack of ac and hot spicy achaar chutney my favorite that i was melting  the wicked witch at my table . nthe service was very friendly and i dont know how anyone could call this expensive . i thought it was downright cheap 3.99 for champagne plus two   of great food . it is a  place to stop in for reliable food kind staff and beutiful dining room .
__label__neg ive been to carne vino several times now . i dont know why well yes i do its for the bread sticks . theyre to die for . if you want to have a drink and dont mind paying more than almost anywhere else on earth then by all means stop in and enjoy . i rationalize that its just the price of having those cracklike bread sticks.nnthats really where my love for this place ends though . just a word about price . heres an example of how insane the prices are . i went in for lunch last week and bread sticks and the house special was  for two  and a tuna sandwich . if you just wanted the tuna sandwich it was 19 and i believe the burger was 20. ill admit that ive had 120 burgers in europe so its not the most expensive but for what you get i sat for 30 minutes in an empty bar and the bartender never  to take my order its just not worth it.nnfirst  in we all had steaks . the quality of the meat was definitely far behind other steakhouses like the palm over at caesars sw steakhouse delmonicos del friscos and the others weve tried here . overly fatty and tough . its always possible that you just go on a bad night so i never write a place off because of one soso experience.nnso we went again and my wife and i had the carpaccio it was okay just nothing to write home about and i dont even remember the entrees . i just remember that both of us kept marveling throughout the  at the prices vs. the quality particularly in light of what you get for lower prices at the other restaurants in  even in the same hotel palazzo has equal and better food at woo now closed cut amazingly good and  10 to name just a few.nnsave yourself some money and visit one of those other places where youll get better food for less money or for about the same money at cut just better food and service .
__label__pos wow wow wow . so much meatnni had the octopus and split the porterhouse . it was  too much meat i think i ate myself sick . im not complaining about the portion size at all im just saying i think i ate more than i could  my  and her bf got the rib eye . its massive comes out with the bone and everything . they cut  right in front of you . nnnext time i want to try the lamp chops.nnservice was  . i loved our servers . nnthis is a great place for people who enjoy a good piece of meat . stay  vegetarians . nothing for you here .
__label__pos amazing restaurant great time incredible steaks they do steaks and wine really well.nwhat we ordered for a group of 5nappsnbeef carpaccio fantastic order thisnbrushetta no tomato its different spreads but delishncalamari i would skip this ... had betternpasta nblack fettuccini greatnorricchette w sausage so good favorite pasta.nsidesnmushrooms w onions greatnfries good flavornmashed potatoes   and poached egg so different and amazing try thesenmeatnbone ine ribeye for 2 best ordered it medium and came a little less than medium . the meat was fantastic all the way thru . best  was the bone and you can eat it like a ribnfilet mignon delishnlamb chops incrediblennthey bring you rolls with 2 spreads . one is butter the other is whipped pork fat with rosemary thyme garlic salt and pepper . try it its so good we  to lick the ramekin.nni started off a little bugged because we had to wait almost  min after our reservation time to be seated . so we went to the bar and something about the bartender rubbed me the wrong way . he got us our drinks and kind ofnignored us for some customers that seemed like regulars . thats kind of rude.nthe servers who helped us at our table were awesome helen danielle goose and daddi were great thank younoverall comments very nice restaurant for a hefty price but worth it for a special occasionl
__label__neg ive been to   in lv the  here might have been the worst . over    .  wasnt  . service was marginal at best
__label__neg yes as someone stated before this place makes hooters look like a classy restaurant . you walk in and the nurse tells you to sit wherever you want at this enormous awkwardly shaped table a cross . im sure the owner or whoever  it thought it was brilliant but it was really awkward seating for our 6 person group . you sit on the outside of the cross and the nurses work on the inside taking ordersserving etc . the inner lining of the cross also has mirrors so you can check out your ugly nurses asses from a variety of unflattering angles . and you end up staring and being stared at by other patrons of the restaurant since you have to sit facing them.nnthe food is really disappointing . seriously you expect the food at hag to be like a guilty pleasure but for being that unhealthy it has no flavor . apparently all they really intend is to clog your arteries not to feed you something delicious . you cant justify putting that food in your mouth because it tastes like soggy mush . each patty is a half pound of unseasoned beef cheese is optional . you have to go up and get your own tomatoesonionspickles no lettuce and also your own fries which they charge extra for and only put out in small batches so you have to wait in line to get them since they run out so quickly . the fries yes you would expect them to be delicious for being fried in lard but no they are soggy and gross . it was basically eating some  potato and ketchup casserole . oh and all beverages come in a bottle including water which is another way for this cheap restaurant to charge you . nnour nurse i.e . waitress was also 40 years old and should not have been wearing that skimpy outfit and the other nurse was too fat for her job . i guess they make the ugly nurses work during weekdays jk..not really . the service was terrible too .  there was barely anyone there and the nurses acted like they were busy doing something and never tended to us or followed up with us . like dumbases we still paid tip.nnanyway go to  if you want better tasting food better service and better looking waitresses . im sure its equally unhealthy so dont feel bad . if you want burgers however red robin has a tasty selection and their fries are absolutely delicious and they bring them to you so youre not standing in line like an a. come to think of it i think hag stole their menu from innout . the burgers are the same just bigger and flavorless . at in n out you can order a hamburger a cheeseburger a doubledouble and then the secret menu of increasing cheeseburger sizes and which is exactly what hag does . nnbasically the way hag runs its restaurant is to cut corners . make you serve yourself while still bringing your food to you to collect tip . the huge table is easy to service cuz hey its just one huge table . youre not really engaged in what is supposed to be an amazing and awesomely unhealthy experience to  . nothing is fun about being at hag . they dont live up to the theme of the restaurant than say 5diner where you get the feel that youre in a 50s diner . oh and the music sucks.nnbottom line go to this restaurant if you  to clog your arteries . thats all youll get out of your experience . that and regret .
__label__pos   and above   .  welcome and    locals .
__label__pos it seems difficult to  a coffee shops in tempe south of the 60. at least two have closed their doors since ive lived in tempe during the last 5 years.nnsolo has filled a muchneeded niche.nnthey have good coffee . really good coffee . so good that the ownerbarista  asked me how the coffee was before i left . imagine that a barista that cares about his pour.nnthe internet is free and fast the latter might be because it is  pretty unknown ... i havent been in there and seen more than two other customers and there are plenty of places to plugin.nnthe  has a comfortable feel to it ... an eclectic mix of ikea bookshelves modern photography vintage records and lamps and antique furniture pieces.nnone somewhat odd thing  sugar . out of a little dispenser . i ended up drizzling it down the side of my mug . maybe its more ecofriendly than sugar packets i dunno.nnmy only  as of early april 2008 they are only open until 9pm making it an unreasonable destination for a late night of studying or socializing . they say this is going to change.nnthey seem to be rolling things out slowly . they do accept credit cards though a previous review indicated that they dont .
__label__pos i had a customer come in and her nails were banging so i told her i had to know where she had gone so that i could try to get my swag on her level . to my delight she told me the place was just a few minutes away on ray and rural now im not the type of girl who goes to the nail salon every week for manipedis but a friend was doing a music video shoot and i was going to be in it so i figured i could expense it at that point ... im sending him the bill.nnwalked in on friday at  100 and the lobby was pretty full so i debated leaving because i was on my lunch break and while i can get away with a lot i knew that it would probably be frowned upon if i took a 2 hour lunch .  everyone was helped within minutes of my arrival and they were able to get me right in . the girl who was in charge of my nail transformation was natalie and she was  . suuuuper sweet call me a sucker for pet  but she kept calling me  and i wasnt mad at it . she actually made conversation too which was nice cause im not all about that awkward silence you get with most nail experiences . she did a great job too my french tip toes are on point and my nails are able to be seen in public again . im going to have to  my game up at work because  here makes me want to be  of those girls whos in the salon every week .
__label__neg cant believe this shop going down dont know what wrong though ive been  here for  year suddenly it feels  i lost my favorite tech she is not there any moredont know where to find her.she is the best of the best i walked in there the day before the vibe is so negative.nobody talk i know almost every  in therei asked what wrongthey dont answer feel so bad for this place the  did my  she is new and dont know what to do it takes her so long to finish my gel the gel if ugly because she did not clean it carefully as i had it before my pedicure is ok but i expect more i  to have the best massage and gel by chloe though so sad
__label__pos my partner and i have been coming here for years . we also bring friends along who are either thai food lovers or just  . the atmosphere is eclectic and the crowds are casual . the staff is personable cheerful and smiling . they are willing to make suggestions as well as modify a dish to your liking . the spice scale goes from nonexistent at 0 to a scorching 10.nthe food is fresh individually made service is quick and server attentiveness is just right .  is always filled extra rice is not a problem and i have seen many of the same customers in there for years now.n the todd munn is a favorite crisp and hot patties of whitefish chili and green bean fried to perfection . fresh  are fresh egg roll wrappers filled with rice basil  and your choice of shrimp or tofu ... both worth trying with the wonderful dipping sauce . the array of curries is excellent especially the mussuman . the noodle dishes are great with your choice of meat or sea food . if you cant find  to enjoy at thai gourmet then you really do not like  food .
__label__neg i really wish there was a 0 star option . nni work next door in the building on the second  and when i first started i would go to this place every so often . for the past couple of months ive started to hate it so much more with every visit . the staff is so rude and ive noticed a  girl there with dark hair makes me want to rip my hair because of how mean she is for no reason . i generally order the same items every visit thintastic club with a side potato  . well the past couple times ive been here they always get something wrong . this item usually  with a thin wheat bagel but the last i came here they gave me a plain white thin one and it tasted like wonder bread . on  of that they hardly put anyyy veggie shmear that i ordered so it was sooo dry . they also used to give nice pieces of bacon but this last time they gave me bacon bits and a little bit at that . i was so furious . i wouldve asked them to fix my order but i know that wouldnt help because ive  it before and they got it wrong again . i will never return to this location and do not  anyone to come here .
__label__pos welcome to your classic scottsdale dive bar . upon entry bar to the   to your left . towards the back youll find  games darts tvs and a pool table too . the biggest selling point is the patio in the back that features  places to sit and opens up into the  alley which doubles as a parking lot triples as a restroom for some patrons . nndrinks are cheap and the bartenders are always in good spirits . youll meet some interesting folk here on any  night so dont be afraid to crack open some conversation along with your beer . i cant think of a dive  that ive frequented more in scottsdale than roadrunner .
__label__neg i  my  medium  it lacked flavor and was  . the service was good though . so if youre a fan of  service and   food give it a  .
__label__pos happy hour reviewnnhalf off   and  drinks ... its great for happy hour at a fun location . im not sure its worth the price for the food or the drinks at full price but for   i would go again
__label__pos love the  hour  are strong and good . my  and i go here all the time always a great time love wednesdays ladies drink 50 off all  fits my pocket  .  for the lady  card at the hostess stand love me a  drink
__label__neg disappointing . the staff is great the  staff was very attentive and the hostes sat us right away.nthe food is bland and uninspired . the chips were great but the salsa was  like flavored  sauce . it tasted strong of smoke with a little heat to it . the table side guacomole was not very tasty and even though we ordered it with everything  it didnt seem to help . the tacos were wrapped in an oily shell and the  was barely seasoned . when i ate them the oil from the shell coated my tounge and sapped flavor from the rest of the dish . there should have been a acid to combat the oiliness a fresh salsa would have worked well.nthe restaurant had 4 separate familys with kids and two were extremely loud and obnoxious with the  ignoring their precious offspring so the whole restaurant could  the piercing screams of the  . this is no fault of the restaurant however i have to ask when did it become acceptable to not take the kids outside when they act up why do some people think its ok to subject others to their poor or nonexistent parenting choices
__label__neg   not  but  not  . lacks attentive and  service . server lacked  term memory . our table had to  several times for same item .
__label__pos we met some  lost friends here last  .  and efficient service . the only issue was that music was to start at 900pm ... we left at 1030 and the music still had not begun . at least we were able to  with our  but we were a bit disappointed as the sound check sounded great . the   were super potatoes skins needed salt . id certainly  back .
__label__pos breadfruit is the truth . nnthis is corroborated by the fact that exhibit a i.e the jerk chicken will make you a believer in a deity be it god buddha allah brahman akal purakh zeus or marley.nnthe bird is marinated in hot and spicy seasonings and finished to perfection on the grill . it remained tender and juicy throughout except for the masterfully charred ends that  a slight smokiness to the entire dish . nnbut lets back up a second.nnthe space itself is brilliant in its simplicity . the walls are lime and slate gray with classy darkwood furniture . the glassed walls look out onto the stoic skyline of downtown phoenix and onto the hidden pave of pierce an homage to sidestreet gems that one would find in cities like ny sf and seattle . nnit is comfortable and cozy inside with exposure to the cuisine sharks  the kitchen . at all times there is activity but just enough so that you feel the life of the kitchen spill out onto the dining area . i love restaurants that pull this off.nnfor an app we  with an order of the curry chicken patty . it was sensational . within the pastry was a harmonious balance of chicken to curry with a noticeable but slight burn throughout . two came in an order which must be shared with a partner because two premeal would fill you up too heavily.nnwhen the grilled  chicken was presented it was glorious because you find the caribbean influences presented on the dish a white wine vinegar drizzled slaw roasted pineapple and a succulent savory  . where the chicken is the heart of the meal the corn was the soul . paired together i couldnt have been more delighted.nnto drink we had the dg spicy ginger beer imported from jamaica . erm i typically like ginger beer but this one was branded as spicy and they fing mean it . be careful that you are prepared for spiceonspice if you order it . looking back i probably should have stuck with water although the ginger beer was rudimentary for palate preservation as you meander through all of the various flavors of this cuisine . honestly i can not wait to go here to grab a guinness a jamaican staple according to zane lamprey or a red stripe . the surging spiciness demands a brew that could handle this oral development.nnoverall im very pleased breadfruit  the great menace that is downtown development . heres to them gaining credibility as they continue to master their art its not perfect yet but please believe its in the mail and invigorate a local following of foodies and tourists alike to sample some mean  food .
__label__pos what a fun restaurant .  the big window with the candles . the  were super good so was the spring roll with   . our server was very friendly and recommended the curry  tofu which was a big hit .  recommend the hibiscus  .  .
__label__neg just  . so called asada burrito was cold and bland ... just a lump of   and some iceberg  in a  tortilla . reminiscent of taco  in the  but  .
__label__pos there is nothing more frustrating then waiting and waiting for a  first thing in the morning especially after a night that was heavy on the patron . however ill wait all day at zada janes downing some of the best  ive had in the area . typical wait can be around 1530 minutes for a saturday or sunday brunch . once you do get seated order biscuits while you go through the  because everything is good and you  go through a serious  on what to  . if i can be of any assistance ill just say that you cant go wrong with the amaretto french toast or the bunny  .
__label__pos i love going here for  or an early breakfast . convenient to home and i love how they offer you free  if there is a  . great place to chill and  after a  night . i never  rushed here and i  order something  and have yet to be disappointed
__label__pos a   of   mexican  smackdab in the middle of fastfood hell i found the blue adobe to be a refreshing break from the seemingly endless array of franchiseclones that plague every corner of the greater mesa area.rnrnmy first visit to blue adobe was immediately following a 14 hour drive from san francisco with my ladyfriend tassie and two druggedout cats that somehow managed to howl most of the way down . we were tipped off to the place by another colleague of mine that had moved to sun valley about three years prior . i was a little worried when i saw the establishments howardjohnsons style exterior but all fears evaporated when we entered what i consider to be a first class effort at creating a great dining environment and doing so without exuding the slightest bit of pretentiousness . rnrnthe menu was pretty interesting too ... .it was creative without resorting to obnoxious san franciscostyle creativity where the menu description gives little clue as to what youll be served . to the contrary ... the menu did a great job of describing traditional  fare skillfully presenting additional nuances that came across as tempting details rather than vague liabilities.rnrnthe food was great ... tasty and with several marks of distinctions that set it apart from anything else ive had in the mesa area . skillful presentation creative seasonings and the absence of excessive fat were among its strong points.rnrnwe went here twice and both times we sung its praises . but tassie returned here with her relatives one day and not all went well . the staff was friendly as usual till one party showed up with a infanttoddler . it took eons to get a highchair and from that point on the level of service went from warmandfuzzy to coldanddistant . i still give it thumbs up for grownups ... .but reports from afar tell me that this place is anything but kidfriendly .
__label__neg meh . i was really excited to finally come here but was pretty disappointed.nnwhen we were almost there i had the brilliant idea to look for coupons as ive heard this place was pretty  . but we didnt want to backtrack.nnwe got there and it was 30 per person for one race 12 laps around the track . we asked if there was a locals discount and the lady  no but there are some coupons floating around out there ... meanwhile theres a bunch of receipts next to her with 50 off coupons . thanks . so we decided to try it out since we were  there . there was a party that filled up the next three races so we had to wait about 40 minutes . in the meantime we decided to play their arcade games.nnwhat a joke . in order to play them you insert money in a machine . it costs 1 to even put money on your game card . we put in 10. then we realized that each game cost really weird amounts like 1.27 1.78. why you ask so we put more  on our cards and never really get to use the full amount . in other words so you waste your money.nnthe race was fun but the track was too narrow .  to pass or be passed without bumping into anything . which is highly prohibited . nnto sum it all up two words over priced . will not return  it costs me 12  i saw on all the other receipts . nntip if you check in on facebook you get a free monster .
__label__pos  the special steak and lobster tail . both very good.nnthe iceberg wedge salad which was  but the  was missing a little  ... nnstreak was  perfectly and very tasty.nnbread was amazing . nnwill  be back .
__label__neg  underwhelmed and it took 45 minutes to bring out a mediocre poboy sandwhich and a jumbalaya . we just sat there twiddling our thumbs  some bread which was probably the best part of the meal to be honest . nnwe werent even given any explanation until we were paying our bill . apparantly emeril was in town and was going to drop by the restaurant and everyone was on pins and needles ... id think theyd  to step up their game instead of fall on their ass nnwaiter  to be pretty knowledable they must have trained him with a script because the way he described the food great did not match up to the  result not so great . nnstarted off with calamari which was about average . the dipping sauces were nondescript but the banana peppers were a nice touch on the  . nnthe carnitas poboy was very mediocre . the fried pickles were not worth mentioning and the taste was something i could replicated if i  some french bred put deli coleslaw in there with some carnitas from baja fresh . keep in mind perhaps i would only use 13 of the amount of carnitas from a baja burrito as there was barely any on the sandwich .
__label__pos my  and i  after  a  .  we had a   .  somewhere were planning to visit again .
__label__pos three things make geisha a go go my go to place in old town for happy hour ... 3 things ... and they are nnteriyaki ribs oh mynnhello kitty sake martinicocktail of oh so yummy strawberry like goodnessnnand ... .ndrum roll please ... nnall night happy hour on sundays from 3p til 2am . nnwhat kind of happy hour you ask half off appetizers of which the teriyaki ribs are part of ... half of makihouse rolls and half off insert angels singing in unison here . half off all drinks in  .  you heard that  half off ucall its specialty drinks sake bombers sake infusion drinks ... im telling you its heaven for the sunday lushnnso why should you go other than the three things listed above because when you have a hankering to  the week with good times or start the week in a drunken daze this my yelpers is the place to go . the atmosphere is great good music good vibes good drinks music videos to watch oh and yummy teriyaki ribs to scarf down oh and good  candy girls and boys alike to secretly check out . oh and if you have a big group make sure to reserve a table for groups 10 or more coz its crowded by 5. and when they say the wait time is at  an hour believe it coz no ones leaving a good happy hour at geisha deuces
__label__pos scratch is an adorable little pastry shop on the corner of miller and indian school . from what i gather the owner is almost always in the shop behind the scenes creating the incredible dishes and pasteries i have come to love . i have been to scratch about four times now and have never had a bad experience . the place itself is rather small tucked away in a shopping center right next to a  the home of the 5  . the decor is fresh and inviting from the pinkgrey walls to the framed magazine covers stylishly displayed along the walls the owners  is the model in many of them . nnbut enough about the building and decor . the food is by far the highlight of the  as it should be . i would recommend any of their sandwiches as the bread appears to be freshly baked daily with encrusted  . each dish comes with a side salad with the most amazing tangy rich dressing i think i will have to purchase a bottle of the dressing next time im there . i recently tried the asparagus soup which was deliciously creamy and rich . the quiche i would also highly recommend . ive ordered the lorraine as my entree on one occasion but have also sampled the spinach and goat cheese which was equally  . each menu item is really reasonable i think 7.50 for soupsalad and 8.009.00 for most sandwichsalad and quiche combos.nnplease no matter what you do even if you are so very full after eating a scrumptious lunch or dinner here you must  one of their pasteries even if taken to go . i would highly recommend either the milk or dark chocolate tarte . the fruit tarts also look amazing but i have had the hardest time trying anything but these amazing chocolate tarts . they are well worth the 5.00 .
__label__neg  to pearl tonight with my roommate after hearing rave reviews from a few people ... .nnwalking up you can clearly tell its a hot spot . it looked busy and when we walked through the door it was obvious as to whyits very small . the tables are super close together so if youre anything bigger than a 6 ladies ... go somewhere  seriously . i had to interrupt the next table at least 3 times in first sitting down in my seat going to the restroom oncecoming back and then leaving for the night . it was just awkward . they also first sat us outside without even  which we preferred insideout that is nnwe had looked at the menu before arriving and was very excited to try a few different  . we got the cucumber salad very good and seaweed salad equally as goodand they dont add lettuce to it to make it look like more shrimp tempura  good spicy tuna chunks of tuna were way too big and it just wasnt good pearl necklace far from impressed and the napolean dynamite pretty good ... ..nnall in all the sushi filled my stomach but i didnt finish either of my rolls which is not like me . i could see coming to this place for drinks and  a  plate but definitely not for a respectable sushi dinner .
__label__pos we come here  twice a week and love it this  while running late i asked my husband to  up milk for our daughter . i called whole foods and diana was kind enough to  the milk to customer service so my husband could  in and out  our toddler . impressed that a large  still has customers at the heart of their  . we will continue to shop here .
__label__neg my job was suppose to provide me a  car from the  vegas   . but they ran out of their vehicles . nnso without making any reservations from one of many rental car companies by mccarran airport i picked one and chose dollar rent a car . nnthe only compact car that was available was the toyota prius . the fuelefficient vehicle is only a week old with less than 300 miles . i paid 59.00 a day . nnmight cost a lot but at least i dont  to drain much on gas . nnhey im by myself in  . you expect me to rent a town car or something nicernnnevermind dont answer
__label__neg i signed up for express . they had a full tank of gas added to price which they said i requested in my profile . not a problem if the price was reasonable but average las vegas per gallon was about 370 and they charged me 414 a gallon so i had them take it off . then i went to drive out and there was a crack in the windshield so they told me to get another car . i turned around and was  by the guy at the express window about whether i had gone out to the street . i guess he was thinking i put the crack in the window.nnthen there were two vans that would not start . one without any windshield wiper fluid in it . one with a  seat in the back . finally the fifth one had some major scratches but seemed to drive okay . hopefully they documented all the  as i have not returned the van yet . all vans clearly had been quickly hosed down as there was dirt  on all of them and lots of  spots . the front  side in the van we took had not been vacuumed.nnthe price charged after they took the gas off was the price i was quoted  . they did not try to sell me any optional insurance or anything .
__label__neg   decent sandwich would return.nn2nd experiencethe salad bar was surprisingly good would return.nn3rd experiencevery untasty   only return for the salad  .
__label__pos everything was prepared fresh and the shawarma and gyros were  and flavorful . the grape leaves are the best ive  had . however the grilled chicken was rather dry but  presented . the yoghurt is the  in  make sure you order the  lemonade with mint  for  . overall homemade mediterranean so healthy
__label__pos  vegas.nnyouve  . nnfriend to friend.nnits not for the better.nnthe days when every hotel was competing to get you up to the front of the hotel with free shows are over . and yea.. if i sound like a broken record about it.. thats because i am extremely bitter about it.nnvegas used to give you the ability to visit on a budget enjoy yourself.. waste only some of your money in their slot machines and still have a blast.nnall the frustration aside ... the mirage still does it right . nnthe volcano is one of the most fun and attended attractions in  still to this day . the girlfriend and i watched this twice in one night from different vantage points.. highly recommended . its a blast of a time . you feel the heat and you cant help but get into the drum beat .
__label__pos short but sweet . nnbring your mac . ambience is perfect for doing work or facebooking for hours . yes its now a verb.nnblueberry  salad . its the only entree ive ever tried because it is so darn tasty . i swap the  for a salad and throw it on the sammy to feel  about life and the two chocolate  cookies proceeding the bcs . nnwhy not 5  where the customer service is terrific the nice man taking orders must also taste test for coffee quality control for as much enthusiasm and zeal pouring out of this guy a to go order takes longer than a bike ride  lake mendota regardless of how busy or  . call it in yelpers and enjoy .
__label__neg cold stone grew up in the valley but it also tells the story of a business that turns corporate . what does that mean well cold stone for example was once a  guy and each store was  to grow its own culture and make food an experience to enjoy . management and the stress to achieve sales  has made this company has lost its love for the customer . look at the ice cream slab restaurants why are they doing so well . marble  was noted as one of the  growing franchises . last im the   to write a review why is that i do have cold stone from time to time . the cakes are great and i love to get them for celebrations .
__label__neg    no.nnthe   was  and hard the meat was overcooked in the carne asada burrito and the rice and beans were soggy and gross.nni felt sick after eating here and i only obliged because j said he wants to relive his college days where hed eat there all the time . nnthankfully i didnt die . felt like it for a few hours afterwards though . come here at your own risk .
__label__neg 2.5  . did i come on the wrong  we came here for my   and we  got the wagyu beef and i still think there are many  better steakhouses around . there is nothing memorable about their food  their great  sorry .
__label__pos   love    and   . nnwow . 3rd most expensive dinner weve had in lv with nobu and picasso at 1 and 2. decided this would be a nice splurge for our 3 year wedding anniversary and it certainly was . i was glad i read a bunch of yelpers reviews before going as it made it much easier to choose what to get and all that . nnwe went with a 9pm rez after seeing phantom . both of us had intentionally skipped lunch in anticipation and i even went to the gym 3 days in a row haha . the atmosphere was pretty loud . not exactly the most romantic place but no big deal . the vibe was more fitting for the hrh allsuites tower than palazzo . nngot a booth instead of the stupid swivel chairs thank god . wife started with the kobe beef sashimi which was awesome . pretty much the best carpaccio ever . i couldve just eaten the beef sushistyle . i got the big eye tuna tartare after reading everyones recommendation and it certainly did not disappoint . nnafter reading so many raves about it..i went with the 10 oz american kobe ribeye . wow you got ta  the marbled fattiness of the beef . my wife got the regular filet which was also excellent and the difference in how both meats tasted was really interesting . we could only manage to eat half of our steaks but im so looking forward to the leftovers today nnthe price of the mac and cheese was ridiculous . i was looking for an asterisk on the menu that said it came with a foot massage or something ... tasted awesome anyways . also went with the broccoli rapini for the other side . went well with everything . skipped the sauces and didnt miss them . nnfyi..they dont do a locals discount anymore . whatever..no one comes here to save money . nnweve been to so many steakhouses in lv ... .i cant say it was the best one weve been to but it was really great .
__label__pos overall ... a sensational effort . from the atmosphere clean  and  ... but not too cold or sterile to the food superb to the service  and knowledgeable staff ... .the dining experience was a  one . i am from chicago so my bar is set pretty high ... and cut compares  with the best steak houses i have visited.nni had a decadent blue cheese  salad and the succulent bone in filet ... along with a   of peter michael les pavots ... sure ... 789 is a lot for dinner for two ... maybe the most i have ever spent ... but it was most delectable and i dont deduct for costs since you should know the price range going in ... nna world class steakhouse ...
__label__pos i thought that i had caught the end of happy hour as i  about 630pm but i was wrong . cadillac ranch has happy hour all night on monday so it was 12 price drinks and appetizers for as  as you stayed . being a huge soft  fan thats where my money  tonight . originally 8.99 these are really really good but probably not for  price .  huge hot pretzels and a very unique dipping sauce which was a vat of cream cheese fondue . it was a dreamy combination . they also have a huge projector screen tv in the middle of bar and an outdoor and  bar . nice place for  hour and football especially on mondays .
__label__neg i went here for lunch and while not that good it was alright . i had a catfish poboy with sweet potato fries and a side of  sausage . the sausage and fries were frozen products but the poboy was quite good . 23 star meal max.nlater i came for dinner with a group and was let down . we got a large bowl of seafood gumbo bland and old rubbery  multiple   all of which were either store  products or poorly made and their 5 pound crawfish boil special . they were  as live crawfish outside . i highly doubt that . they didnt even taste fresh and were the smallest and least meaty crawfish ive ever had . for a 5 pound pot of crawfish there was only 1 sausage link cut up in it and even worse only 1 corn cob cut up . easily the worst cajun boil ive seen . they  everything they possibly could to cut corners and cut costs across everything they served . 1 star meal.navoid this place . if you really love  food and just have to try it go at lunch .
__label__pos 12 chicken  meat  chicken from a   was crisp and a bit salty for my taste on the outside but the  on the inside was very juicy and tasted slightly sweet the kind of sweet a  naturally has not like sugar . nnhummus texture is smooth flavor is good not heavy not light and a small amount of paprika is sprinkled on topnnpita their pita bread does not come grilled and comes in small triangular strips.nnside salad diced cucumbers a couple ripped pieces of lettuce a greek vinaigrette and a kalamata olive just one ... but tastes yummy.nndrinks they have specially bottled sodas there as well as fountain drinks .
__label__pos they have  food always clean in the store and you can even  ahead your order so you dont have to wait while they cook it fresh its not to long of a wait but at  it can be so to have this option  i  this location is very hard to   more 
__label__pos the      this innout on the   is great .
__label__pos la bocca rocks our favorite place on mill avenue we probably go there at least once a  nnthe bruschetta is off the chizzle the bread is perfectly toasted and dressed and not  filling which means you can order some pizza the pizza is always very good never a disappointment our favorite is the  then its the mushroom and goat cheese one ... it just oozes with flavor nnthe salads are very  as well nnthe peroni on draft rocks my world it is soo cold plus it is served in peroni beer glasses which are  so cold that i have a beer icicle for a minute or two their mojitos are simply addicting the restaurant always has great ambience and is visually stimulating as well . on  they have some sort of live entertainment and on sunday nights they show a movie ... kinda weird and frankly boring to me but hey do whatchugottado nni walk to it but whats even better is you can get there  light  try it out
__label__pos to  it simple la  is   upbeat fun . nnthe staff is  super down to earth  and attentive . i love the energy of this place.. the  phenomenal . fresh ingredients..  wine selection.nnim addicted.. and going here again tomorrow night .
__label__pos  great  and best sangrias in townnnive dined here a few times and each time has been amazing the pizzas are all so delicious . i think ive had a slice of each one and every one of them is amazing . you can also custom order a pizza . i like their sausage pizza but add ricotta on it . yummersnnthe  is what makes me come back and think fondly of this place . get a pitcher or two and share with a friend . such a great time . i recommend their red over the white simply because the red is more flavorful and not too sweet . nnthe prices are extremely affordable . being close to asu campus i guess you have to be if you want to survive catering to the college student budgets . i love the atmosphere . very young hip but not divey like a typical pizza joint near a college campus . the service is average . not  but never bad service . its always crowded and they seem to hire mostly college kids but the service is always pretty good.nnthe parking isnt the  but its expected when youre hanging on busy and crowded mill . one of my must do dining experiences if your down this way .
__label__pos tried this place out today and omg its so  that i had to write a review i ordered the chicken gyro combo that came with fries and a drink for 8.50 after tax . i asked the owner what a certain dessert was that was sitting in the pan on the counter and he gave me a piece for free very friendly workers . now back to the food ... lets just  i got it to go and when i got home i was  able to eat it because my  devoured it i took one bite and was moaning because it was so  and my sisters and parents came into the kitchen to check out what i was eating and asked to try it ... then they just kept taking more and more of my food cause it was sooo good now they owe me . lol so the fries are  to  the chicken is  and juicy topped with fresh tomatoes onions lettuce and tahini sauce on a pita ... .nom nom im getting hungry just talking about it
__label__pos after hearing about stacys and hearing how great it was i was a bit skeptical to try it . well ... ..that was 3 months and 6 visits agonnstacys is great . the best bbq here in phoenix for sure . nnin my opinion the meats are the real winner here . after sampling each kind of meat except the catfish ive decided that my favorite way to eat here is to come with a friend and order up a load of food . the brisket and the rib tips are the best . the pork is good but pretty flavorless without the sauce . nni always prefer to  my bbq without sauce to see the  flavors . same here i order with the sauce on the side . although they always  me a look they still serve it as requested . nni happen to really like their sauce i just like to use a little at a time rather than having the meat drowned in it . they are very liberal with the portions and their sauce so be careful not to over order . nnas for the  . ive enjoyed their sweet potato fries and cole  . was a little disappointed in the fried pickles and okra as they are breaded  of battered and i wasnt crazy about the breading . nnas everyone has stated its  only and has  parking . nnstacy plays the tough guy but is really a sweetheart and when pushed will smile and talk to you about his love of bbq and chicagonnits good stuff .
__label__neg hum cette attraction a peut etre connu jadis son heure  gloire mais aujourdhui ce nest plus vraiment ca ... nnles choru00e9graphies sont basiques les danseurs tres moyens et le tout  vulgaire meme pour las vegas.nnceci u00e9tant  les effets spu00e9ciaux sont plutot ru00e9ussis notamment le  incendiaire des siru00e8nes ainsi que le naufrage du bateau pirate.nnle spectacle  gratuit on peut toujours y jeter un coup doeil en passant sur le strip ...
__label__pos wow this was a dangerous walk from the strip . i dont even want to  walking here in a  stupor of over the top drinking and fun.nnthe best  of my innout experience was ordering . i was able to get in my order ofnna 1 animal style burger  fries and coke and a cheeseburger animal  well done fries and a neapolitan shake nnin what must have been less than 5 seconds . even more amazing was the  who repeated it all back to me in 3 seconds flat . awesomeness.nnhaving had the east coast version of innout shake shack i wasnt over the moon about the burger and fries here . the food was indeed good and my burger even tasted a  like a mcdonalds big  but my eyes didnt bug out at the first bite of my burger and fries nor did my taste buds shout in excitement . i did really enjoy my neopolitan shake though . my next food challenge is to find something like that in ny.nnneedless to say we took a cab back to the strip .
__label__pos  lines but  burger and fries as always . nni  get the double  and the   style . you can not go wrong with that . nmanager was super sweet and 
__label__pos love love love retro bakery for my wedding in 2010 i probably tried cupcakes from every cupcake making bakery las vegas north   summerlin and henderson . i tasted a lot of cupcakes . retro was by far the best and for my wedding they were totally flexible i mix and matched cake and icing flavors how i wanted them and did a mix of full  and  cupcakes . i only  i hadnt been in a wedding dress so i could have eaten one of eachnnthe cupcakes are moist and flavorful and the butter cream frosting is delicious . they put all kinds of fun toppers on too . each month they have a special flavor which are always amazing and i try to stop in every once in a while just for fun and they are my first  for special occasionsnnbtw i have dreams about the  and salted caramel cupcakes ... . mmmmm ... .
__label__pos i thought id never find a cheap place in vegas . but oh my gawd did i  one really yayo taco is the bomb 1.75 to 2.25 tacos with a lot of tasty goodness overflowing in your mouth . if you happen to be in vegas be sure to visit this joint just to have a taste of why im so excited about it . its near the strip just take a cab ride . come on you can do it you must try their bombay taco and shanghai taco . its oh so good to the very last bite . dont bite your fingers the sauce drips . i also tried their pastor taco and carne asada taco . they were on the spot delicious in everything who cares if the place looks like a dive bar it is a dive bar the   awesome and they have a whole page list of beers .    it with a great taco this is my second flavortownusahop . i havent been disappointed . ill always pass by this place when in vegas .
__label__neg nonsmoking   the    .  is unmemorable service is fine plenty of alternatives nearby .
__label__pos my  and i love going to this restaurant . the risotto entree is  and the  calamari app is one of my  . service is always good and the atmosphere is really nice . prices are steep so i dont  to eat here often although i  if they had better lunch specials . they do have happy hour  but i cant usually take  of them .
__label__pos  the      of those  
__label__pos  sushi   nni  the  of service and food . nnthe  was fresh and tasty . nnthank you for the memorable experience
__label__neg if you like douche bag sales people  to hustle you into  a 100  and wax or file a   to fix the   in your window this is the place for you . this place knows how to make things awkward thats for sure . after you get past the douche sales people its ok. the actual car wash is a normal car wash that you would get anywhere else . the place is  and annoying . just go to a self serve place to save you the hassle .
__label__pos upsells . only need to say no then they drop  .  like 10th wash freenhad   in  . got month of   washes
__label__neg vraiment   et    a du00e9siru00e9
__label__pos i love this  . their service is friendly and everything ive tried on the  for the last 2.5 years has been great . the calamari appetizer half price at  hour is the best calamari in the country . and my airline pilot husband and i have traveled and  out a whole lot in the  30 years . our college student son likes the food as well . the  fusion  works . youll love it .
__label__pos blue wasabi is a favorite of ours . while it is a  overpriced normally their   is stellar . we  get the badda bing and a couple of  rolls .    atmosphere good restaurant
__label__neg i finally tried this place yesterday with a friend and i dont get the hype.i have had a lot of sushi in my life so forgive me if i might be too harsh . nni got the get clucked roll and my friend got the dam jumper roll . first off the portions were tiny when the dinky rolls came out my friend and i both gave each other a knowing  . my poor friend is a big guy and he just looked downright sad . we got burgers after thankfully . second the rice was soggy and mushy . really unappetizing . the get clucked roll was  in sweet and sour sauce which only  the mushyness of the rice worse.nni cant speak much about the dam jumper roll because i didnt  it other than to say it was depressingly  . nnon the up side the service was great . extremely attentive helpful friendly . everything you could ask for . the ambiance is nice clean modern with an  on the table to order and a huge  screen . for these reasons i couldnt give the place only 1 star but come on ... this is based on food right
__label__neg my fiancu00e9 and i went there tonight to  a  drink after  . we were both very disappointed with the service . we waited for at least  minutes while waiters scurried past us at least 6 times before we  got a hello . my fiancu00e9 ordered a house margarita and was given cabo wabo tequila and an  2 dollar  for adding some lime juice and sweet and sour without being warned . her drink ended up being more expensive than any other  on the menu and she could barely drink it because it was so poorly made . we asked the waiter and he just said ... yeah thats how we do a margarita . we will not be going back .
__label__neg we used to go here all the time . we like eating dinner outside by the fire  . their food is okay . the last time we went here it was very busy for a sunday night . we waited over an hour for our food . we came as a large group and there were 4 separate orders for our group . the orders were done at the same time . one of the orders had an appetizer that came out 1015 minutes after their meal . we knew that we wouldnt get our food at the same time however another order came out over 20 minutes later and the rest of us were already done  . that order was for  hamburgers and its funny that there were other orders that had ordered after us that were also burgers and got their burgers first . even the customers who ordered after us that got their burgers first were saying it was ridiculous and that we should say something . we  it was a busy night but we felt like maybe they skipped the order or forgot to cook it . we asked to talk to a manager whos name is megan and she was extremely defensive . she just kept saying with an attitude sorry its a busy night i dont know what to tell you what do you want me to do about it . it didnt seem like she cared about customer service . she was basically blowing us off and not sincere about her sorry . it was excuse after excuse ... she would say well the numbers dont go in order then she said its because you ordered well done burgers btw we were never asked how we wanted our burgers cooked ... we told her that we come here often and that after the way she was handling our complaint that we  not come back and she said i think thats best . if this is the type of person that is representing this business then its bad for business . if you make a  own up to it or  apologize and try to keep your customer coming back . we asked to talk to a general manager or the owner at a later date and she refused to provide a name or a phone number and said she was the only person to talk to and that the  doesnt deal with stuff like this . which may be true but if she truly felt like she handled this situation appropriately then she would have no problem giving us the owners name . the manager megan was rude argumentative impatient and indignant . after some debate she refunded us the order only per the kitchen managers request and then asked us to leave the business . which we were glad to do after that experience . anyway to sum it up the atmosphere is nice the food is okay the wait for food is very long on busy nights and the manager meghan is awful
__label__neg the customer service is the   i have never met before.the  of the staff is rudewe just    of the deliveryhe even throw the drawer loudly.trerribleuff01uff01uff01uff01uff01uff01
__label__pos the best burger in town  love the grill the breakfastnbuffet and the sunday   is to die forndont forget to check out the  bakery and fabulousnfragrances gifts and flowers it is the  in shoppingnand i love this 
__label__neg so most of my reviews are going to be  on the quality and taste of the food . i dont find that i experience really bad service or great service that often most is satisfactory . non with the review . the bread that they bring at the  was pretty delicious but sad when that was the best  of the meal . most of us had pasta mine was extremely bland i had the  garlic chicken i had to add a lot of salt and i never salt anything . my fiance had the fresh tomato   and it was terribly bland also the tomatoes  even had taste . the only thing in our group of six that seemed to be good was the chopped gorganzola salad . ni would much rather support a local restaurant than a chain but i would have to  that i would rather eat at olive garden than here .
__label__neg this review is for their lounge . nni was walking with my group from diablo cantina to the bellagio and  of their many promoters on the street convinced us to go to brand . i have stayed at the monte carlo before and i did not even know they had a lounge . anyways he confirmed with us it would be 20 bucks each . he even walked us to the line . we saw that the line was a little long but he assured us it would only be about a five minute  . after a while in line i noticed that the only reason it was getting  was because people were leaving the front of the line . someone from the back of the line yelled at the hostess monitoring the line and told her that they were spewing lies but some how we did not connect the dots . when we got through the rope the girl working the line told us it would be 30 each . we confronted her and told her the name of the promoter that told us it would be 20. she did not even  this and goes on and on about how it was technically saturday night and now we had to pay the weekend  . naturally we left . nneither the staff had no  communication or they were just building up a line in order to get people to come to their obscure lounge.nnim  it must be a lovely restaurant .
__label__neg  service ever the server    on me and did not  acknowledge let  say sorry . she was flat out  . i would  starve than eat here again .
__label__pos really enjoyed the meatsampler which included pulled pork ribs and bbq chicken with two sides for less than 20. of  this included their  and tasty bread with allyoucaneat peanuts . our server was spoton with every need we had . i noticed that a lot of  dont  for the  quality but i  didnt have any issues of great  to speak of .
__label__neg comon yelp ... check out chris b and tom k ... is that the names . ill  by my reviews anytime.nnanyway my stars just  down to 2. any  why
__label__neg new to the neighborhood and thought lets give this place a try . bottom line we will not be back . ownerplease take noteyou need to speed up the service and the kitchen . i consider this a casual restaurant and it took 15 minutes to get a green salad and 50 minutes to get dinner . after waiting  an  we took our dinner home . now i have lost my appetitite so maybe we will eat the leftovers tomorrow night . what a waste of time and money . i hate to write bad reviews owning restaurants myself for  years but please read your reviews and change the way that you are doing  . we would love to  a  small affordable italian restaurant that  could get  in 1015 minutes . restaurant is pricey for the simple food fare too .
__label__pos omg wow that was amazeballs  had biscuts and gravy he loved it i had catfish and cheddar jalapinosp grits  service was sooo  the cute short  with short hair was so sweet . we will be back we used our  and after that we paid 6 worth every  penny the sweet tea was fantastic
__label__pos paradise bakery is one of those places that you can count on for always having something good when your driving around wanting more than a  and not a sit down meal with a waiter . ni love the cranberry turkey sandwich with   . the nice thing to consider is that you can get a whole or a half on the sandwich of your choice.nonce you feel good about the healthy choices youve made you encounter the cookie section at the register . all im going to say is that the chocolate chip is to die for the chocolate chips just  in your hands doesnt get any better than that nparadise bakery does also have a great breakfast should you want a nice place to go after a  hike or just want to treat yourself and a friend to great place to visit . nput paradise bakery on your always  list
__label__neg dont ever rent from these  . i thought renting from them would be  because we were staying in downtown las vegas but it was the worse car rental  i ever made . the first and last time ill ever rent from them . we went to vegas on a 4 night package with vacations hawaii . only to lose a whole day trying to make a key for the car rental because my  misplaced the key . well we went to the rental company and they didnt have a spare key . can you believe a car rental company not having a spare key when their business deals with renting  . we had the run arounds trying to get a key made for this car . it took us a whole day just to find someone who makes this type of keys which starts the car automatically . if you dont want this to happen to you make sure the rental company carries a spare key . the  had to refer us to a man who specializes in this type of keys which cost 250. ive complained to their website twice and they called and said they would reimburse us . this is early march until now havent received nothing . my recommendation use dollar  a car . this is bad business .
__label__pos i love love  xtreme sushi . its the best ayce sushi i have ever tasted . like previous yelpers have stated lunch is 20 and dinner is 25. not bad thats the usual so theres no surprise there . ayce includes everything on the menu except sashimi which is alright with me because i dont each much sashimi.nni  here everytime i  vegas . i wish there was one in san diego because after eating here nothing  compares . so if the owner of xtreme sushi is reading this please open one in san diegonnthe employees are so nice and welcoming . the service is always great.none cool  about this place is that you can order half orders of rolls and salads so you dont get full off of one roll or a full salad during your ayce stay . i have  seen any other sushi place do that before.nni would definitely give this place 10 stars if i could but 5 is my  . i highly recommend this  .
__label__pos let me start off by saying this place is extremely difficult to findsee on the side of the road . better signage would be lovely ... or if someone trimmed those fucking trees in the  of the place so you could actually see it.nnfeeling rather down in the dumps with a cold today i thought nothing would be better than a hearty cup of soup . after nearly missing it i parked illegally at the  store and  inside to a quaint little shop . the owner janet  me and suggested i try the chicken with orzo  . i got whole grain bread and a black iced tea.nnthe chicken orzo soup was probably the best version of chicken noodle soup ive ever had . the vegetables  melted in my mouth and the chicken was shredded just how i like it and tender . the orzo noodles were the perfect  for this delicious  and added a nice twist to traditional chicken noodle . the bread was fresh soft and delicious and came neatly packaged in a bag with a side of butter and utensils wrapped in a napkin . very nice togo presentation . the iced tea was fresh cold and delicious.nnmy only complaint ... 2.50 for a 16oz iced tea thats insanity .
__label__pos  check .   .  you  skippy.nnfreedom holds a place in my heart . this is the second most frequented park for me in charlotte . i love the large space the range of terrain from running and bike paths to playgrounds to island hopping to outdoor theater to sports fields to wooded areas and meeting halls . en short this place suits all of your park needs and is a great place to peoplewatch.nnif so great then why only 4 stars you may ask two reasons.nn1 . clean up and maintenance someone needs to seriously address the amount of bird poo in this area . i know i know theres a lot of bird in the area that contribute to the picturesqueness of the park and birds poo at an alarming rate . however when it gets to the point where you need to look down when youre running so you dont step in anything instead of taking in the sites or spend 20 minutes looking for a place to spread your blanket that doesnt have a mound near in something needs to be done . i know parks dont get a crazy amount of funding but id be willing to volunteer to clean up once in a while and i hope other people would as well.nn2 . this park has the best theater and seating that ive seen in a while ... but i never notice any plays going on there festivals and other events sure but i havent seen any theater events scheduled or advertised anywhere . saw a guy doing yoga in it once but it was a far cry from what id been hoping to see . nnother than that ... it shall remain a sunny day favorite .
__label__pos if youve never  bikram yoga before this is a great place to start . not only are all the  extremely competent and inspiring but there is a very friendly atmosphere here . if youre in  and looking for a place to do bikram this is the place to go . the room is  welllit and has high ceilings with  carpet and many mirrors . there is free filtered water and plenty of space and showers in the locker rooms . overall a great place to practice  . to borrow a  at bikram pv all the women are strong all the men are goodlooking and all the children are above average
__label__neg the counter has closed its now   the cowfish a sushiburger bar . wtf we  the counter . sad to see it didnt  it .  god big daddys is close to  in ballantyne ... however we have now lost our favorite lunch spot when we go to south  mall .
__label__pos  and  cupcakes and frostings    ive had from nonas has been incredible . their cupcakes are always moist and flavorful and never seem like they were baked days in advance like you get at some bakeries . the  are sweet and creamy and have the perfect texture on top of the  . this is hands down a 5star bakery .
__label__neg i had a terrible customer experience at this location today which is franchise owned by a lady named pam and her husband . i went in to order a drink that i had ordered two days prior from the same store . the  who took my order was pam . she said she could not fill my order because she was told to stay away from  orders . i asked if i could speak with the manager and she acted like she did not  me . after going back and forth i  to order the veggie delight minus ginger . another cashier by the name of gabriela came to the front to take my order pam was rude pointed at me and said i dont know what she wants . there was about 5 people behind me in  so i placed my order and stood at the pick up counter . they fixed my juice last and put ginger in my  even though i requested none . i asked who was the manager and they gave me a name dom . five minutes later another girl came from the back to refund my order . i asked again who was the manager and she said she was . i asked who was the owner and she said pam and her  . i proceeded to tell her about the poor customer  . she never apologized or offered to fix my drink . i told the manager i felt like her staff was being racist and will never again come back to that establishment .
__label__pos went back to  on saturday night . have not been there for a few years . i stopped going  the quality of the food did not match the pricing . it was good but not spectacular . atmosphere is always great and full of  . nnmuch better experience this time  . we started with the calamari appetizer . calamari were tender and tasty however there were not enough to my liking and presentation was not very good . calamari were in pieces or broken . at this type of restaurant i would expect nice round calamari rings embedded in the tender arugula served with the calamari.nnthe entrees were much better . i had the braised beef short rib gnocchi with horseradish cream . excellent dish . very flavorful and gnocchi were al dente . beef was melt in your mouth tender . dish was definitely on the rich side but worth it . my wife  on the  .  cooked to her liking . the creamy farro side was outstanding almost like a risotto.nnservice was very good . waiter was very busy but was efficient and attentive .
__label__pos 41010nntook my cousin from outoftown nj here for  hour yes we had drinks a hibiscus margarita for me and i think she had a champagne cocktail and yes we shared a grilled cheese sandwich so foolproof its guaranteed ill  myself there . fyi so did she we also tried the jalapenocrusted ahi tuna which  comes on fry  and sits on a bed of almond hummus and garnished w  . our  wout my requesting came w pesto instead of the hummus . we loved it my cousin  her light meal here . i just wished we had more time to have a larger meal but other engagements that day had us moving on . next time i visit ill have to skip on the grilled cheese and try something off the dinner  . just had a look and there are so many calling my name
__label__pos good  .   .  portions.nnfriendly  .
__label__neg honestly the service at this pita jungle is the worst . theres always something wrong . and yet we keep coming back . the first bad experience was when we asked to move tables because ours was dirty . the server audibly sighed and acted as if it was a huge hassle . the second bad experience was when they brought us the wrong food . bringing chicken to my  friend never  up well for him or for the wait  who has to  the brunt of his fury . the third bad experience happened on the last  .   . gross.nnthe food is the same as other locations . mostly delicious but often the food is inconsistent . the potatoes are  tasty but always come out to varying degrees of doneness . same with the lentil soup sometimes its thick sometimes its thin . i like the mediterannean platter and they get kudos for allowing substitutes since i dont like their baba ghanoush .
__label__pos my  regret about suite 301 is not checking it out on my first dozen benders through mill ave. make  you obey their silly dress code or youre at least charming enough to be overlooked and make your way up the staircase . take note of the intervals between steps.nnyoull  have trouble walking back down . nnmy pals had no trouble dancing the night away . im more of a letsgetdrunkandobservepeople kind of nerd so naturally i went to the bar first . 5 pints are a steal when its saturday night and you can  new  somersault like water . i didnt get mixed drinks because fuck the mixed drinks when youve got this tap selection at this  in this cool of a club . nnseveral pints deep i wandered away to the patio . not bad at allyou get another bar groovy furniture and an amazing view . hell you can light one up if you fancy a smoke . suite 301 combines my desire for  crowds good drinks atmosphere and friendly staff . i like .
__label__pos i used to eat at this location quite often at my old job . nnwe received a few hours notice that corporate was going to be by work and said they were  lunch for the 35 of us . what options did we have given that we were making calls at 730am we ran into bar or fast food as our options . then the light bulb illuminated my mind and realized we could try jimmy johns . if they make freaky good food freaky fast ... could they make 35  in a freaky fast timennwhy yes yes they could we placed our  on line which went very smoothly and indicated our desired pick up time a couple hours ahead of time . nni went to pick up the food and as i walked in the door they were literally wrapping up the last box lunch and packing the 4th box of sandwiches up . after paying the staff was very gracious to  carry everything out to the  with me.nnthe food was a hit with everybody at work so delicious as  cant wait until we have last minute lunch needs again
__label__neg okay i thought ajs fine foods was a ripoff for sushi but no sir i forked over 13 for a rainbow roll to go at this place this was a togo order when they  me my cash back they did not even give me my left over change i though for a  13 this  be a good roll nope it was the skimpiest roll ive ever seen was in a hurry took off and  it . wasnt a good roll and the crab mix was just smothered in lemon juice it just tasted like lemon later i  why i got meduimmild food poisoning from this ive eaten around a few  rolls since i was a  and this is the first food poisoning ive ever had nnrip off skimpy and lowquality sushi food poisoning what should this tell you
__label__neg   is a  i got an enchilada and taco plate . how do you mess up a taco yep couldnt  it . charro beans not done .   in front as you  in . didnt pay attention but should have . should have left . nbeware .
__label__neg im being punked right nnthis is the worst barbecue i have ever eaten in my life the owner mr willie was either  or drunk or both there were flys flying  inside the restaurant . i really like the decor and atmosphere of the place . there are a couple big comfy chairs with a place to read a pool table and a couple of arcade games to play while  for your food . after reading a few reviews on line it turns out that the restaurant used to be a coffee shop that must have left most of the interior behind when they went out of business . nni had the beef ribs plain chicken wings mac and cheese and what was suppose to be baked beans . my daughter had a beef rib and corn on the cob and my wife had a pulled pork sandwich with corn on the cob . nnmy ribs were tough . the sauce was horrible my mac and cheese had the consistency of baby food . wwwwaaaayyyy over cooked . and the so called bake beans werent even baked beans werent even baked beans . they were pinto beans in some type of baked bean  . the only  halfway decent was my wings which were small and cold from sitting out for hours . nnmy wife said her food was so so . my daughter liked her rib and  but thought the mac and cheese was gross . shell pretty much eat anything nnwhen we were done i looked for mr willie to complain and he was gone and left to boys there about 10 or 11 years old on their own after spending 35 for our  of a meal we should have gone across the street to mineos or napolis
__label__pos best  i have ever had .   and wonderful service . the  are amazing . i have been   and  try  new because there are so many types and blends .
__label__neg there have been many times when i knew right away that i was in love with a burger but rarely have i disliked one  . that is until now of course in the case of cheeburger cheeburger . i actually stated i hate this bun as soon as i swallowed my first bite and it only went downhill from there . read on if you dare.nnthere are apparently many locations all over the country of this place although i cant say its really been on my radar aside from a few recommendations through friends in town . and after my  im not sure if i would consider these folks my friends ... the interior is kind of like a standalone johnny rockets 50s diner style right down to the cheesy neon and stainless steel on the walls . its extremely gimmicky and much worse than any fatburger ive ever been  . it wasnt overly crowded the night i was there for dinner but there were several families and it really confused me as to how this place is popular.nnthe menu offers burgers ranging from 1lb down to a 5.5 ounce beginner along with chicken sandwiches wraps salads and the option of supposedly over 1285000 combinations of shakes . they offer some odd toppings such as peanut butter pepperoni and salsa . i guess there are options for anyone looking to create a disgusting burger.nni was excited to see heinz 57 sauce as an option and mistakenly ordered it on my burger along with mushrooms lettuce and tomato . as i said upon  bite the bun turned me off it was incredibly dry had no flavor and was way too thick and large for the sandwich . it was grilled and buttered on the inside but that little bit of flavor couldnt compete with the vacuum of flavor created by the dryness . the meat was actually cooked quite well and had decent flavor but the person i was eating with didnt have as much luck so i question their consistency and must assume i was lucky for now . my mushrooms had ok flavor but the small amount i was given got lost in the other flavors . and by other flavors i really just mean my heinz 57 sauce which completely took over the entire burger with its semibbq flavor . i  thought i liked that sauce but apparently not on burgers . i also must note that i only ordered the 13lb burger which i can easily handle but this was so bad i only finished a little more than half.nnthe one positive factor of this meal was that because of my foursquare checkin we were given a free order of small 12 fries and 12 onion rings . both of them were ok the fries were crispy and had decent flavor other than the couple of really undercooked ones that snuck in our basket . the onion rings were the thin greasy crispy  type which i love as opposed to the thickbreaded hard to bite through variety . they were good although im just not a huge fan of onion rings . they offer a few different dipping sauces we went with the zesty horseradish sauce which was ok i guess.nnby the time we were done with our meal we were completely dissatisfied and turned off by everything . we almost got mad that there were so many families and other people seemingly enjoying what they were eating . the only tasty parts of our meal were the oreo and peanut butter cup shakes we got and thats not something i typically order . with the free fries and onion rings our meal cost 25.20 it would have been over 30 if those werent free . this price does include 7.98 for two shakes but is a bit too much for how unhappy we were . 6.99 for a burger isnt a bad price especially off the strip but what i was given i wouldnt pay for again . im not even going to sugarcoat it just avoid this place .
__label__neg the  music on   blows . i  the   .  marg is to  for .
__label__neg rented a vehicle on june 11th 2009 at 1100pm at the pickup window i was given an inspection sheet and told to inspect the vehicle which is common . please note that the all vehicles are located in a lower level parking garage with energy very dim lighting . i inspected the vehicle and didnt find any obvious damage . when i returned the vehicle in the  approx . 200pm june 14th 2009 the employee found very small chalk colored nick on the windsheild lower drivers side  the wiper blade . the interior dash of the vehicle is almost the same color at night . he tells me that you did not note this damage on the inspection report . i asked him how was i expected to see such a small nick in a covered garage with poor lighting at 1100pm . the lighting is the garage is not adequate to spot  damage on vehicles . he says in a rude tone you need to complain to the airport they installed these energy saving lights . i told them but they wont listen to us . i  him that there was no need to speak to me in that tone of voice when ive just spent almost 200 renting this vehicle . so he walked away to retrieve an accident report . i was asked to complete an accident report even though i didnt have an accident . the manager then informed me that an investigation would be completed to see if i was at fault . i was baffled how  i have caused this to happen when i never drove on the freeway my entire stay in  vegas . i have been renting cars during travel for over 20 years and i have never had such an unpleasant experience . at this point i dont ever think i will rent a car from payless again unless an employee does the  with me prior to me leaving . if anyone rents a car from payless make sure you indicate you saw a nick in the windshield even if didnt . this way you cant be  .
__label__neg like everyone else this  is a joke . they make you pay for  insurance and mind you i rent cars all the time . nobody  makes you pay for that sht . and to be honesty all the people who work there are payless and im sure they get paid just as less . there is no quality in cars people customer service and their prices are  from payless ... i tried calling customer service bc we will going to be late returning our rental and of  nobody answers the phone for an hour and i  left a courtesy message to these aholes to call me back and guess what no return call . i guess i did payless for customer service . nnso people pleeeese if you are going to rent a car pleeeeese do not use payless because you get what you pay for . crapnbelieve me the  office will be  from me and they just might get a nice call to the bbb merry xmas
__label__neg worst company in the world to do business with . they rip you off and do bait switches on their customers . all the reviews you are reading here are correct . they will not give you the car you paid for in advance no matter what . i paid for a ford fusion and when i got their to pickup my reservation they told me that the ford fusion was not available but they will give me a car of the same class a kia rio . if you know a little bit about cars you know that the kia rio is a subcompact in the same class as a  versa or a toyota yaris . nni argued with the manager on  and they find a corolla they say they can put me inn . i still argue that they are moving me into a compact vehicle and a not midsize sedan as promised under contract . manager continues to argue that they have no car in that class and when i go to angrily to take the corolla as i have already wasted an hour arguing i  they have a hyundai sonata just  to be picked up . i ask the person working in giving out the cars and he argues that the sonata is an upgrade and not a midsize sedan and a corolla is a midsize sedan . after realizing that the person had an iq of a peanut along with the rest of their employees i decide to take the corolla and be on my way.nnalong the course of this they tried to make me 94 reservation into a 250 reservation with crappy insurance and other services and you have to pay for full tank of gas . i got out of all of that just  the 94. nnafter coming back from my trip i pursued my  through corporate and  in touch with a person named suzette gerfy who is supposed to be the city manager and she was absolutely no help she said we take pride in customer service and will give a discount coupon for your next rental with payless . i told her that i feel i should be charged for a compact car instead of a midsize car and she said that there is nothing she can do and she doesnt care.nnhere are the names of the people i dealt with at this terrible companynnjohn fat guy working in the front who doesnt care for customer service and ran out of business cardsnkevin who was working in the back and gave cars to the people renting again he was no help.nsuzette gerfy if you like to call her and tell her about your terrible experience here is her contact informationnnsuzette gerfyncity managernpayless car rental las vegasnsgerfypaylesscar.comn800 6346186 ext . 2005
__label__pos first time here . its always a good  when there is a  at 730am . i tried the nova lox sandwich.. delicious . everything bagel with  cheese nova  onions tomato and  . comes with a  dill and a  of either potato or macaroni salad . add a large black coffee and i couldnt ask for more .  found my new breakfast spot .
__label__neg  a koreanrun kaitenzushi  with   chefs lol no  .
__label__pos we stayed here for a bachelorette party during labor day weekend . we were 9 people in total and wanted to be able to stay pretty much in a large suite  spending a fortune . palms place suited that bill nicely.nnwhile wed originally booked a 2bedroom suite and adjoining room at checkin we upgraded to a penthouse suite and  a couple rollaway beds so we could all be in 1 room . best decision we ever made as it was only a couple hundred bucks more per night split 9 ways natch . nnunfortunately for both us and the palms place staff there were tons of issues with the first suite they  us in . a couple girls got locked the master bath on at least 3 separate occasions the hot tub on the  didnt work the fireplace didnt work and we didnt have an ice maker just to  a few . after several unsuccessful repairs the staff relented and relocated us to a bigger suite one level up for our last night . then they gave us a hard time about getting additional rollaway  so everyone had a place to sleep which was unfortunate.nnwhile the problems with the rooms led to a lessthanideal experience we were all quite thrilled to be staying in a couple awesome suites with a hot tub overlooking the strip . not too shabby all things considered.nnwhile on future vegas trips i might opt to stay closer to the action if ever i needed a single room for 6 people and didnt want to spend a fortune palms place would be it .
__label__neg ive lived in las vegas for 17 years and have been to dozens of concerts at various  . this is by far the worst experience for a concert to  . the staff was  and unhelpful in providing  . one  member yelled at  when we asked why there were no  telling people where to line up . there was no order or organization whatsoever im sure the concert will be fantastic and make up for such horrible service but i wont be  after this experience
__label__pos i dont believe ive ever eaten better pizza . bruttas got absolutely amazing woodfired crust unbelievable  and the freshest best toppings you can find.nnthe atmosphere is pretty good too . i love the  brick oven just behind the register the pictures on the walls the big windows facing monroe street and the  space.nni dont recommend going on an empty stomach however . the pizzas are smallish and thin and theyll  a  in your wallet for sure . but for the best pizza ever ive got ta give 5  .
__label__neg i expected a lot more from sunday brunch . i am a vegas local and have been to several places on and off the strip for brunch . the  was ok at  but not great and not  what i expected as  as  and selection . the restaurant is beautiful and has a great view of the pool . our service was pretty good but a little slow and the she forgot several items . i was disappointed that we had to remind her several times with each item we ordered and refills on champagne especially considering that the place was  empty . the only  i have them 2 stars is that the  was friendly and very nice although a little scattered .
__label__neg the world could use more smalltime museums but its a tough road for those with modest endowments and only a niche market . one thing that cartooning has going for it however is that it lends itself very nicely to a gallery space .  is not very big but i enjoyed my one visit here.nnthat said in 2011 i contributed to a modest kickstarter campaign they promoted to  raise  for a new gallery and judging by the comments on their kickstarter  i am pretty sure i wasnt the only backer that wasnt sent a promised reward . subsequent messages  unanswered . that left a pretty   in my mouth . someone in the organization really laid an egg .
__label__pos  the   .   to    for cheap
__label__pos do you   flannel in the  and listen to  this place is for you nnbut  if youre looking for atmosphere maybe youll go to michelangelos . but if you   up well made coffee and  breakfasts this is the place .
__label__neg what kind of a burger  does not  chicken sandwich this is  the only burger kind ive been so far that only serves one  of chicken sandwich in two style ... crispy or  ...  happen to the  or the orignal  sandwich what a disappointment ...
__label__pos   for a burger joint but hey if you  cheap  to  in the   selection .  staff . clean restaurant .
__label__neg yo this subway sucks . as soon as i walked in a seemingly unsupervised small child followed me around needless staring at me . there was no one at the counter when i walked in . i stood there for about a minute and a half before a small  woman popped up from  the counter holding her cell  . she then continued to make me a sriracha steak melt with the same gloves she was just texting with . nshe moved on to the next customer after putting my meat and cheese on the bread . it took about another three  for  else to come to the counter and finish my sandwich . she then tried to charge me for both my sandwich and thenperson  in line . when i told her that wasnt my order she scoffed at me and took my sandwich off of the tray and put it on the counter . i had to ask for my own tray and napkins . the bathrooms  awful and there was  all over the toilet seat . 110 if this subway wasnt the only one in the neighborhood i would never come back here again yo .
__label__neg hate itn crowdedn unprofessionaln sent me to collections after i cancelled my membershipn 2year contractn sales people are douchynnserious creep  because you can  to a channel on any of the personal tvs on any  and watch the kids  area .  if you want to check on your kids creepy because anyone can look at your children . so the  pedophile on the treadmil next to you probably goes to the bathroom to rub one out thinking about all the  he was  . ew.nndont . sign . up . here.nngo to 24 hour in summerlin off town center much better
__label__neg before leaving for las vegas my friends and i  that it would be  to buy cheesy sequined dresses to wear at the clubs during our stay . a colleague warned me not to buy anything in vancouver beforehand as it would undoubtedly be overpriced . she told me about the 2storey forever 21 in the fashion show mall that would meet our needs perfectly . although i typically dont like stores that massproduce cheap throwaway clothes oh the wastefulness i thought this would be a perfect place to prepare for a night out.nnwhen we arrived in the city we dropped our things off at the  and made the trek up the strip to forever 21. as others have mentioned the selection is outrageously big . overwhelming even . the group of ladies i was with easily found armfuls of dress possibilities which we promptly brought over to the change rooms to try on . this is where the trouble  . now im a wellproportioned and curvy lady and i normally dont have too many troubles  flattering clothes . although everything i tried on looked great on the rack absolutely nothing looked good on my body . if i werent so confident beforehand i would have felt terrible about myself as im sure many other ladies have before me . i think its just a matter of the quality of design and  being ultralow which of course is how they can charge 15 for a dress.nnin  yes there are rooms and rooms full of clothes but theyre all cheap and not in the good wow look at this steal of a deal way . at the end of it all all i purchased was a few pairs of cute socks with moustaches foxes and owls on them . im glad to say i had packed a beautiful backup dress from anthropologie and i didnt see a single other person wearing it while i was out . as for the clothes from forever 21 it seemed like everyone else in the clubs and casinos was wearing their dresses and they all looked cheap doing it.nnindividuality ftw
__label__neg i  forever 21. i   shop online . but i  vegas has one of the biggest  21s . i went to this store yesterday . i was not impressed . the same shirt i seen online was more in the store . the plus size section was not very organized to me . the plus size clearance was one rack while there was entire section of clearance for the smaller sizes . nill continue to   im offered more .
__label__pos there are two places in the valley that you should definitely write home to mom about when it comes to wood fire  pizza . nnthis is the other one . nthis is the one however that you can get into pretty much whenever you want .  is the one that you know has better pizza than 99.9 of the rest of them . ni would come here if i didnt have all night to get some really  class pizza.ni would bring someone here to give them the experience anytime.nnlocated in what most would consider the fringe of the ghetto ... it certainly is a bit out of the way . this small pizza place has limited parking and seating for maybe 20 people max in the  place . what it lacks in space in certainly makes up for in taste . its byob too if you are into that type of thing ... there is a  store with a bad selection next to it ... but i certainly would recommend stopping somewhere else.nnyou need to stop in and have one of there big pizzas for me it set a new standard somewhere in my brain . all the quality of something authentically italian sans all the hype . prices are reasonable . ownerstaff world class ...  ... but i have gotten have there a tad early no problem just  down ... nntheir crust seems a bit  i will admit so a fork maybe in order . all and all one of the best places for italian and pizza hands down .
__label__pos i know i have already written a review on pam but ... ... i received a compliment on said review from someone a few days  which made me realize i had broken my own rule for trying new places . i will always try a new place twice . you never know you may have hit them on an off night so its best to give them at  one more shot . well all i can say is who ever sent me that compliment thank you and i love you ndue to the compliment i started to think about giving pam one more shot and thank god i did i ordered a pizza with sausage and some shrimp pasta to go . the gentleman behind the counter was not only very nice and helpful but also very entertaining . he had a strong italian accent and filled myself and the customer before me in with how not to order a cheese pizza . cheese is a family not just one topping he says with passion . this was after the man in front of me ordered just a cheese pizza . shame on him lol i sat in the very nice little restaurant watching a dvd of wonderful shots of italy while i waited for my food to arrive . after about 15 minutes i was told it was ready so i took it out to my car and headed home . i could not wait to  something so i reached into the tin where the soft warm bread was and took a bite . ok something is different there is none of the tap water taste i tasted before . this bread was very good . i got home and my mother and i dug into the pizza and pasta . it was amazing every  bite was fantastic . my mother doesnt really rave about food the only way i can tell if she really likes it is she tends to inhale it in a matter of seconds . well she  her dinner in record time . i could not believe how fantastic this was . so much different from how it was the first time . i  my last opinion and will be back tonight for another wonderful meal . i recommend pam to everyone and thanks again to whoever reminded me that everyone deserves a second chance.n n thanks c.k .
__label__neg     on    .  was watery and made with cream instead of eggs . gnocchi was tough as opposed to light and airy .
__label__neg  and  .   of precious  .    .
__label__pos im a huge fan of the farm kitchen on mayas farm . i frequent the farm  and i am a csa member of the farm itself . so of  i have very high marks for this farm in general . nnthe farm kitchen is a casual dining experience suitable for a date picnic or girlfriends lunch in an open air patio with quaint picnic baskets to boot.nnfor the novice visitor to mayas farm there are 3 restaurants . the farm kitchen is in the little house at the right of the driveway on to the farm . this season they stopped allowing cars to park along the drive to the back of the farm where the 2 other restaurants  and morning glory cafe . now when you come to visit the kitchen you have to park in the  lot on the east side of 32nd street and walk across.nnonce you enter into the farm kitchen you are greeted with the aroma of some amazing baking or cooking . it always smells so wonderful in there . you will find some local food items in the store even down to the locally made poore brother potatoe  local local  . inside the kitchen you place your order from a menu that is loaded with your choice of sandwiches salads flavored teas and soups . they normally have an array of desserts to choose from as well . i personally love the buttner squash creme brulee.nnonce you place your order you go outside and wait for your number to be called . once your food is ready you can choose to sit on the patio or venture over to the picnic tables or spread your own blanket and eat your food under the pecan trees.nnone thing of note you can schedule  showers et al with the kitchen.nnmy personal favorites on this menu arentuscan chicken sandwichnitalian sandwichnany of their broth based soups . nbutternut squash creme bruleenchocolate chip cookies
__label__neg we went for free lunch buffet using a coupon from bingo . they were located in the suncoast casino on alta  in las vegas.nnthere were 6 international stations mongolian   bbq american  and italian . there were 2 saladfruit stations and a dessert station.nnthe fresh fruit was  . i wouldnt pay for the  and probably wont be back .
__label__neg i have to go with the review mireille m. talking about the service . nndont get me wrong the food is excellent . and if the chef was cooking at my house i would give himher 4 stars . i also think the atmosphere is cozy and enjoyable . nnbut the  to being a great restaurant and a great restauranteur is hiring and training a smart and knowledgeable staff who can  about the food  reading verbatim from their specials card and know something anything about the wine list . they are the point of contact for the dining experience . our guy seemed nice but really couldnt  any questions about the  the wine current events basic math  . nnbecause of the pricepoint relative to the service i have to say ive experienced much  in pittsburgh .
__label__pos great   .  delicious and  customer  .  shrimp will  your 
__label__pos   ice cream supercreative flavors great service and nice decor . its so nice to see such serious gourmet thought put into   . basil lime sorbet sounds odd but its so refreshing . salted butter caramel awesome . cantaloupe sorbet sweet and yummy . you really cant go wrong with any of their  . the staff and owners are very nice . regrettably they picked a poor location with almost no visibility . even with the great pr and wordofmouth theyve received theyre usually pretty empty . hopefully more people will hear about this  place seek it out and join the sweet republic
__label__pos i was quite impressed with the flavors they had at sweet republic . i sampled one with basil and a mint chip  . i   to  with the cantaloupe and pineapple and those were  . the way i would describe sweet republics ice cream flavors is this true honest taste . theres nothing artificial tasting in the flavors . very organic . i found their ice cream to be very refreshing . now dont get me wrong i love ice cream and other ice cream stores that arent  and are loaded with  but this definitely was a treat . plus it is great to support a small  business .
__label__pos to celebrate our 1 year anniversary my husband and i decided to take a trip to las vegas ... because really what says i love you more than a long weekend in sin city nnwe had our hearts set on staying at the palazzo at the venetian but the prices were really high and we didnt want to risk booking at the last minute so we went with a friends recommendation for encore which was having a better  and we were not disappointed . the very first thing i noticed when i walked into the lobby was that everything was red carpet ceilings even the chandeliers encores been open for about a year and it really shows as well .  was spotless and i really liked the the modern decor . nnwe booked the king resort suite where it overlooked the pools yes encore has 2 pools ... more about that later . we loved the open layout of the suite . the long hallway included the luxurious bathroom to the right with double sinks a shower a bathtub and of course the flat screen tv . continuing down the  there was a spacious closet which had a large dresser which was a great space saving touch and much needed for all of our things . the bedroom and living area was divided by yet another dresser with a larger flat screen which could turn either way depending on where you wanted to watch . nnnow about the pools . most hotels only have 1 pool and that pool is usually crowded with small screaming children and stressed out parents trying to keep them under control . at encore they have that pool but they also have whats called the european pool for adults over 21. if i could only give one reason for coming back to encore its because of the european pool which also doubles as the pool for the xs club at night . i was greeted by nice pool staff who helped me to set up in a nice area by the pool and got my drink orders quickly . towels were also replaced efficiently so i always had a fresh one at hand . i miss that pool so muchnnit was also nice that encore  pretty seamlessly into the wynn where we enjoyed more wonderful food more about that in reviews to come .  we had our original misgivings since it is located pretty far from the middle of the strip we found that we really enjoyed the quietness of its location and the ease of getting a free cab for the trips to other  of the strip . we will definitely stay here again next time we find ourselves in las vegas
__label__pos what a  hotel best hotel room ive ever stayed in ... period ive flown well over a  miles and stayed many places including ritz carltons four seasons 5star resorts in hawaii and the room i stayed in here topped them all . the bed itself is to die for you can actually  it at the home store in the hotel and i plan on it . i slept better than i ever have before . everything in the room was top notch very high quality and great design just  the entire hotel . i havent stayed at the venetian or  yet so i cant compare . i am staying at caesars now and my room at the encore was vastly superior in every way . the  is more expensive per night han the other hotels on the strip but you get what you pay for . you owe it to yourself to  it out at least once .
__label__neg i stayed at the encore from 07420130782013 this is hotel is gorgeous in and out i ill definitely not say anything negative about that ... my few complaints are the way i was treated when i went to a craps table here . i was sitting at a slot machine enjoying a beer when i heard a lot of cheering going on at a craps table so i decided to go  it out and maybe jump in the game.. when i go over there and start watching the pit boss asked this high roller i guess if he was going to make a bet and the  words that came from this guys mouth was yeah i will make my bet when you get this ashole outta here he was talking to me but i didnt even know at first then the pit boss asks me to leave and says its a private game ... nn1 . there were no stantions blocking it offn2.no  said anything besides this douche who was dressed like a slobn3 . all because you have money doesnt mean you talk to people like that especially a paying guestnnthe pit boss then denies he called me a ashole when everyone clearly heard himnnim basically  the guy the shaggy dude if he  to find out who a real ahole was we can go  and he just stood there ... nnthats my main complaint.. they did nothing to fix the situation you dont let people be treated that way who are paying over 1000 dollars to stay there ... nnnoverall the hotel charges way too much for everything like come on 19.65 for two coronas at the bar what are they smoking ... i  to pay that..nnthe room itself was really nice .. 21st floor strip view.. cant complain..nnoverall my opinion save your money and go somewhere with less resort fees ... these hotels are getting insane..
__label__pos    pools  ...  . i   here as of yet but i have at the wynn and im sure encore being newer is just as topnotch as its predecessor . i did have a good friend that used to work here and she showed me around . i especially liked the pools including the european style pools . yes guests can go topless . no its not like going to the playboy mansion and what you would expect hanging out at hefs infamous grotto . it was the middle of summer and it was mostly older folks . i didnt hang around long enough to be traumatized . i was fine with the other pools . they are immaculate and service is great . nnsurrender is located inside encore and is a great layout for a club that attracts some of the most wellknown djs from all over the world . its a big club with a big a space that includes the  of encore beach club.nntaxi line can be such a long wait here . valet is efficient but their pickupdropoff area is so congested and unclear that during the height of summer it can be such a mess . nnwill update my review once ive been an official guest here .
__label__neg   in  ...    on   outdoor seating margaritas kinda sounds like a little piece of heaven to me whats not to like rightnnthe horrible service . nnyou might have read the other reviews . you might be asking yourself if its really all that bad the answer is yes it is . the little girls they hire to wait tables are across the board worthless . after watching them i started to question whether or not they literally walk out of their way to avoid seated customers . nnits too bad because saltys has all the right stuff ... but apparently also has all the wrong people.nnif im wrong ill never know . after eating there twice and having the same experience there simply wont be a third time . too bad .
__label__pos stayed here during a recent visit to champaign and was  . extremely friendly hotel staff  appointed rooms  wifi flat panel tv desk full kitchen with dishes and cookware  great breakfast  pool . most important the beds are extremely comfortable . we paid 94 a  for a suite thanks to a back to  promotion.nnwell be back . thanks
__label__neg  the company that  scottsdale auto salon scottsdale auto salon   chapter 11 bankruptcy in early march 2009. the facility is being operated by the bank according to employees that now staff it.nnauto  and auto spa are terms that only get thrown around in  apparently . in the rest of the civilized world these places are simply known as car washes.nnsadly the only thing that appears to differ between an  salonspa and a car wash is the price and the propensity of the staff to try and upsell you to a supercarnuba waxy goodness package for 60.nnsince sas went chapter 11 on me they have definitely slid down the ranks for attention to detail and service . of course the flip side is the employees are likely no longer paid on commission since they are paid by the finance  that now owns this establishment so upsells are few and far between.nnif there is one good thing about sas it is that they will accept competitors coupons so you can find the best coupon and take it in to get them to match it.nnoverall they didnt spend much time drying my car and missed cleaning most of the windows . used to be very detail oriented but now i would say that cobblestone is better although you have to deal with the ongoing upsells at cobblestone.nndont go out of your way to go to sas but if you live in or near mcdowell mountain ranch and have a good car wash coupon it might be worth your time .
__label__neg menu is fairly lacking  for an irish pub and a bit overpriced but maybe they have to be to make the rent ... although they  to make it up in booze sales . staff was a bit rude and nonexistant at times but not  else  hre for  pubs . the  was good but  to  that up i guess
__label__pos i literally could not stop eating i ordered the  batura otherwise   beans with puffy bread or even easier 33. it was so satisfying that i ordered a second one to go so i could take it  and indulge over the weekend . the decor and ambiance was not the  but  who cares when the food is to die for . i will be making this my official place to go when i can not decided what i  to eat because i know it will always be satisfying no matter what type of  i am in the mood for .
__label__pos finally getting  to writing my review . the meat is  sides are   with  being the main veggies . it is also ridiculously hot in here service sucks  if you are  . so if you have anyone that speaks korean make sure you bring them  so you get better service .
__label__pos         and pretty good pricing . nnreally yummy green juice bar make your own too
__label__pos our only  on this trip was at the goat post  grill on   . this is a small unassuming  owned by a couple that serve as  him and chef her . the food spans both the caribbean and mexico but we went with for the jamaican beef patties jerk chicken with spicy fries and jamaican  beer soda . the pastry shell for the patties was amazingly soft and the filling provided enough spice to keep them  . the jerk chicken proved to be spicy tender and bountiful .
__label__neg 820nthis groceryslasheatery reminds me more of  istanbul in terms of its lighter traffic than that of hajibabas eatery and market . some of the items on the shelves had a light blanket of dust ...  the beef kabob 2 pcs . platter with lettuce onions hummus and two pitas . the kabobs were tasty even though they were slightly overdone in temperature . liked the pitas disliked the hummus . i couldnt taste any flavors from the chickpeas tahini or spices . just that of an oil i couldnt even place its  . as i was finishing up the kabobs and pita i  two young men enjoying their beef shawarmas so i ordered one togo . got into my car and couldnt  to have a bite ... i shouldve gone with my first  of beef shawarma this was a very tasty selection . id come back to order it again.nni  enjoyed a lebanese baked dessert almost cakelike with two distinct layers slightly sweet cheese reminiscent of driedout ricotta and cream cheese on the bottom and goldenorange wheat semolina topped with crushed pistachios . a side sauce dish of simple syrup accompanied the dessert . i had asked the woman behind the counter two times what the dish was called and she didnt sound too confident in telling me that she knew it as shmeer . its the closest thing i could decipher . perhaps shmeed might be a better word ... can anyone help me the ff . is the closest image i found to what i think i had . if so then my dessert was missing the ashtar topping a type of clotted cream pictured below . the dessert i bought doesnt even come close to approaching the wow factor of this links image ... kanefeknefeh.nnhttpgrabyourfork.blogspot.com200708rabeihsweetspunchbowl.html
__label__neg asian buffets scare me ... i usually dont know what half the stuff is and if i do know what it is its a microwaved crazy sauced version of what im  to . granted i came here with a hungry  of ucsd dragon boaters so we were all starved from a long day of paddling . yes i ate but i was terrified that everyone would be sitting on a toilet for the rest of the night and that we would be totally unable to  our races the next day.nnmicrowavable edamame was my friend since i saw the costco sized bags sitting on the side i figured id be  with these and i attempted to try  else like the random seafoods mushy sushi and fatty meats . their desserts were weird generic cakes that seemed to be salvaged from the   of the local grocery bakery so i stuck with the frozen yogurt.nnlots of better options out there but i  since there were about 50 of us we were limited .
__label__pos i was so disappointed with my  yesterday at galanga thai eatery that i had to try to find some better thai food today . prommares is closed on sundays so i took a chance with a new thai restaurant and i am so glad that i did this is a thai restaurant that actually  on making people happy . i havent had service like this since i stopped eating at thai grill and the food is authentic and good too the waitress gave me my own fan evennnanyway on to what really counts the food . i ordered a thai iced tea which wasnt as sweet as most places but was good still . i also ordered the duck curry and sweet sticky rice with mango for desert . nnat 14 i initially thought the duck curry was a tad pricey but when the dish was served i quickly realized that the  of curry was quite generous particularly in the duck department . i was completely surprised at how tender the duck was . ive never had duck at a thai place this tender yummy the yellow  was soupy just how i like it with a unique  less bold than i prefer taste . i ordered a medium spice  and it wasnt spicy enough but this can always be remedied with thai food . overall a very good dish . nnthe mango with sweet sticky rice was good to . the waitress made sure i knew that the mango wasnt ripe and was going to be sour so no complaints here ... it was  sour but the sweet sticky rice was quite nice . nni have no clue why this  only has two reviews . i am tempted to give it five stars but i cant yet say that essence of thai is on par with the old thai grill and prommares . i will definitely be coming back to try some of their other dishes though
__label__neg my  and i have gone to this place  times and really enjoy sitting at the sushi  . the food is consistently good . the  for the 2 stars is the poor customer service . we normally order one saki bomber . the menu says 6.50 but when you order the server offers a large beer without mentioning this  beer special so then we are charged 11.50 for the 6.50  bomber . we talked to the server twice and nothing was done . if you are going to run a great beer special then offer it to your customers . there are a couple of other sushi restaurants in the area that offer better food along with good customer service and who promote their specials . not going  to this  again .
__label__neg fans of the dramatic misfortunate adventures of ryanc read on ... nnwikiwiki whose name creates instant old school rap  catered the recent tiki party pbr concert  fishbone and other cool local acts.nthe grilled meat smelled good although when does grilled meat not so i stepped up to their little table setup and surveyed a grill full of what  like flattened chicken thighs and their menu sign which offered a limited selection from their regular menu nn5 chicken n7 beef short ribsnor 7 meat combonnall with white rice and macaroni salad.nni ordered the combo . a few moments later i opened up the styrofoam clamshell the young male ym staffer handed me . id gotten all riceand there were in fact two small icecream scooper mounds of glutenous grain but slapped on top of it was one small piece of chicken perhaps one very small or half a large deboned thigh and one small strip of short rib which had less meat than a steroidaddict musclebound lunkheads got in his roomy banana hammock.nni extended my hand holding the food back towards him and said thats all i getnmaking no gesture towards grabbing the tray at all he replies matteroffactly that s how much you get.nafter spending a few moments politely describing the larger portions ive seen everyone else sporting and asking for either more food or a discount ym refuses.nanother patron has arrived and is loose on pbr so is standing way too close for my personal space comfort but this means hes heard me and ym talking . lets call him drunken dirtbag ddb . now ddb is amused by all of this but hes also hungry so he asks ym to rustle him up a chicken plate with mac and rice . ym doesnt even hesitate but instantly offers ddb my plate of food saying you want to buy this he doesnt want it anymore so you can just  himnive been holding this food in my personal possession for over 5 minutes now and although i never spit on it or anything ym doesnt know that is this even something allowed by health lawsnddb chuckles heartily but declines saying he just wants the 5 chicken plate . me too ... .now i contribute.ni explain to ym that i will just have to alleviate my feelings of being ripped off by causing him to lose some significant business . i wont lie or make anything up ill just show anyone who steps up to order exactly how much food they can expect for their money and then they can decide if its worth it instead of having to be surprised and disappointed like me.nym go ahead . ngame on this should be fun . 8 nnactually it wasnt even working out that well since more than half of those i showed still wanted to order but i did get some sympathizers who joined my protest.nnmy friends were also supportive letting me be and checking back in on me after several minutes . i was getting a little tired of holding onto my principals by this point when of sorry thats the older female staffer from wikiwiki came over with 7 single fanned out like a hand of cards excitedly letting me know okay here . you can go now . seven dollars . here . this was not her coming rushing in to save the situation no no . this was a good 15 minutes after my initial order now . this was her resigning herself to the fact that i wasnt going to go away and the night was still young.nni smiled at her turned around and set my tray on the table giving ym a snarkily satisfied smirk and went  to the festivities proud and bullyish feeling at the same time.nnas far as the restaurant istelf well it is run by these grumpy stubborn noncustomerservice oriented folks apparently so im never setting foot in the place nor ever eating their  underwhelming food ever again.nnnyes my friend eric and i really did break dance to that song in 5th and 6th grade.njam on it ... jam on it ... jam jajjjjjam on it
__label__neg do not come here.ni shouldnt have ignored the low rating.nnthe washngot vip wash and the interior of my car was still dirty . vip is most expensive of their basics ndidnt vacuum or wipe the trunk backseat or cupholders of my suvn ... basically the  i had paid extra for just werent done at all . nnthe customer servicenmanagersupervisor was dressed like a slob and not happy that i brought up the crappy job . however he said i see what youre saying and ran it through the wash again.nthe guys at the end of the  who wipe down the windowsinterior were  and disrespectful for example they werenrevving car engines as they pulled them through the line.nloudly talking crap about customers . called somebody a dumb motherer when talking about the car he drove.nall  me dirty looks when they saw me complaining to the manager about the crappy  they had done.nnni wish i hadnt spent the 119 on the prepaid detail i dont ever want to come back to this  .
__label__pos i enjoy the heck out of the place i normally come here with my  they have developed some great rapport with a server named ashley . she is  always takes care of us is fun cool and seems like she genuinely cares about us . i  the pizza and ashleys service always makes it that much betternni also managed to experience a presentation by the ceo richard  . his enthusiasm for the company and commitment to  quality products really upped how  i like this place plus we  a  of coupons .
__label__neg very  . the      . the  didnt havent much flavor . i would highly recommend olive garden over bravo .
__label__neg i saw gone girl there this saturday . the movie was good but everything else sucked.nnthis theater has just been allowed to get worn down and dirty . when it first opened it was beautiful but its like they have replaced nothing and done no cleaning in  yearsnnits to the piont i really think the theater still has its original carpeting and its never been cleaned . nnthis theater is always packed given its size and location that is not a surprise . but i will drive 45 to to see movies at the drive in before i go here bc the theater is so dirty . case in point the big red curtains on the 2nd  . we ate at the theater restaurant this weekend and i looked up at the folds of the curtains and there were 2  of dust in every draping of the curtain . it was disgusting . one night when the theater is closed take a broom and beat the curtains then vacuum up the  below . didnt your grandmother ever teach you to cleannnohand aside from the theater being dirty you could also get shot here . dont think im kidding it has happened like 4 times . the security is terrible.nnand dont get me started about the barrestaurant.nnnone of the bartenders are friendly . all appear in need of a hug and will  hugely annoyed that they have to serve you.nnthe restaurant ... oh the restaurant . you know given that the menu looked like it was created in ms  and is horrible the food was actually okay . its just called a generic waterfront restaurant and you would think the restaurant would be packed . the food was surprisingly okay but it just seemed like wasted opportunity for the theater.nnthe theater itself was very dirty but it was a friday night . of  i will be back bc this is the largest  in the area . but i wont be happy about it .
__label__neg just       and   had a similar experience to those described in some of the previous negative posts . not exactly a winning combo .
__label__pos 5 stars for this five  . everybody is always so  and their    the spot . they are kind of   ... just about 20 for two drinks  fry and two little cheeseburgers
__label__neg let me start out by saying i was really looking forward to my spa day at the palms . that being said i wasnt  . i came in on a travelzoo deal for a facial and swedish massage with my family . nnoverall impression on the decorfacilitythe spa looked dirty . we spotted hair everywhere we looked in the steam room in the jacuzzi on the chairs . we even noticed mold growing on some of the wallsceilings . i was really looking  to hanging out in the coed hammam but the hammam even had hair on the seating areas and smelled like mustfunk . we asked the attendent to   oil but it still didnt cover the funk nnmy facial was probably the best part of the deal and it still wasnt anything to write home about . nnmy swedish massage for  of better words sucked . i would much rather spend 20 dollars to go get a full body foot reflexology massage where they actually  pressure and dont talk the entire time . nni hope the palms will invest into revamping the spa . i think this spa has the potential to be with a little tlc .
__label__neg dont let the 3.5 stars fool you . this place doesnt even deserve 1 star . if i couldlike most recent  i wouldve given this place 0 stars . nntoday i went here with my family under the impression that they would have decent food no high expectations or anything . but i was terribly  . the food wasnt decent good or even edible . nnwe were the only people there so we shouldve turned around and left but unfortunately we didnt . hence we had the unsavory pleasure of tasting nn1 rancid kimchi sign 2 that this place is bad . i understand that kimchi has a peculiar smell but i know for sure that it wasnt supposed to taste like ... that as a korean i am offended that the kitchen staff had the audacity to send that out . i can only  how grotesque the kimchi jigae must be ... nn2 galbi tang dont order this . just dont . soup had absolutely no flavor and the beef was so tough that i couldnt even bite through it . i added a spicy sauce in hopes of salvaging it but my rescue mission failed . this is the first time got sauce couldnt save my taste buds . nnthere were other dishes my family ordered and didnt enjoy but i forgot the dishes names . they pretended they liked it out of pity . apparently the owner of the place is a friend of my grandmother ... nnanyways the dishes here will assault your  buds . save your  and  . over priced disgusting food that isnt even refundable . i still cant get over the fact that they dont do refunds despite their poor culinary execution . only wanted the galbi tang  off our bill because that was the worst of all the other dishes we ordered
__label__neg after  the battle of burger show on tv i anticipated eating a delicious juicy hamburger . my husband and i both ordered the classic and shared the curly fries . after almost an hour wait at our  for our burgers the waitress came back announcing the cook had lost our order . she quickly took our order again indicating she would talk to the manager for our inconvenience . our burgers came quickly but both were under cooked . we politely just ate them and learned our fries would be compensated . after eating we asked each other was is  would we  back and would we  it to others . sadly with our entire  experience our  were no to all the questions .  is a very competitive place for vacationers to spend money and quality service is expected .
__label__neg came here for lunch . lady taking orders ignored us completely talking to her friend about her kids . had to actually interrupt them and ask to  in my  . calamari was  and chewy ... . disgusting . it took 40 minutes to get my pizza had to go ask about its status and it was just sitting there  to go but no  had delivered it to our table . good pizza nasty   service . dont go during  time .
__label__neg service was prompt and friendly . unfortunately the food was barely mediocre . i had the clams in white wine and garlic sauce and although the sauce was  the clams were chewy and  . we also had the spaghetti with meat  which was very typical and hamburgery . definitely feel  we could have had much  italian food in the  for the same price .  .
__label__pos hands down the best gourmet popcorn anywhere . i dont know how much heroin they put in each  but i literally could not stop eating this stuff . i bought two  bagsabout a  and a half eachand they were both gone within three days . disgusting me and transcendent the popcorn . nnits a cool sort of cuteindustrial aesthetic they have with whitepainted crumbling brick walls  stainless steel vats and of course the oldfashioned popcorn cart which displays most of the varieties . it reminds me a lot of a fudge shop on the royal mile in edinburgh . the teenage staff could deploy a few more smiles but ultimately its all about the product.nnthey sell a couple of savory and several sweet varieties plus kettle corn which falls nicely in between . flavorsoftheweek last week were hazelnut nutella and zesty ranch both good but i went with cinnamon toast and chocolate caramel . they sell the stuff in paper bags plastic jugs or handsome tins . they also  coffee soda and freshsqueezed lemonade.nnthey have a website with online ordering so now that theyve got me hooked they will definitely be hearing from me again . it makes a great gift and by the way my birthday is coming up and christmas is  right around the corner .
__label__pos i like mckoys ... ... ... .way better than macsnnthe wings are great  smoked flavor on them and a good variety of sauces to choose from not just your basic buffalo.nnribs were enormous i had a 12 rack and they too had a   flavor . i had a salad which was surprisingly good and the mac n cheese as the   it crack n cheese ... wasnt as good as the first  i had it but still good nnserver was ok not  for a 5  dining experience but still like it as another option for barbecue
__label__pos my mom and i wanted to try a new place for dinner . wed seen this place before and deciphered that it was an irish place from the guiness signs in the window.nnright away you get the feeling that it is a genuine irish pub . not that ive ever been to a pub in ireland but i didnt feel like i was in peoria thats for sure . there are 2 bars and a couple of dining sections . nnwe sat in a strange size booth next to the bar but we asked for a booth and it was the only one left.nnhappy  consisted of 1 off well drinks and appetizers . there was a decent selection of scotch and irish whiskey . we got the house  and paid 5 for it . the menu also said they sell cigars . nnit  me think of the ireland episode that anthony bourdain did . i  easily picture him in the place . nnthe menu was huge so we asked the waitress for suggestions and she gave us a few of her  as well as a few of her least favorites.nni ordered the gaelic chicken which  of a giant heap of mashed  covered with chicken breasts veggies and a yummy mushroom sauce . it wasnt amazing but it was good.nnmy mom had the reuben with fried mushrooms . the corned beef was excellent and huge as were the mushrooms.nnthe bartender looked of irish decent and the guinness on tap looked delicious.nnwe will definitely be back
__label__neg date of visit saturday october 042008nnchristian audigier ... what a disappointingly dull nightclub.nnwe arrived on the scene at approximately 1100pm to find more bouncers standing idly by than clubgoers in line . this is usually a very good indication the club itself has more short comings than merits.nnpros n1 . music was great imho . there was a little of everything for most people.n2 . the patrons were decently  enough for the most part . nncons n1 . mixed drinks were extremely weak . i had three canberryvodkas in an hour span and was still sober enough to wonder if there was a better club within walking distance.n2 . there were no places to sit aside from the rip off bottle service areas.n3 . its a relatively small club made even  with vip roped off areas . on the plus side if you dont dance this maybe the place for you.nnthe night ended for me when we had to look for our drunk friend . we found him about an hour or so later wandering the strip after being kicked out of christian audigier for talking on his cell phone . yes he was escorted out of the club for talking on his cell phone . nnthe bouncer told him we didnt let you in here to talk on your phone we let you in here to drink . apparently the bouncer didnt have enough brain cells to understand a patron who is drunk has most likely imbibed in a few alcoholic beverages . nni understand these clubs are trying to make  however from a business persons perspective theres also something to be said about meeting andor exceeding your patrons expectations . christian audigier never  any semblance of a  vegas nightlife spot to warrant such a pretentious name.nntwo  for the lively music.nneverthless i would not recommend christian audigier .
__label__pos wardnim  about the  beaver.nlove 
__label__pos i felt like i need to provide a current andrew blairs review because a lot of these are  . gone are the days of the packed house dress code and club scene . theyve attempted to rebrand with a new countrified logo and feel . i am personally not a fan of the new ab logo with the wheat behind it but i appreciate their effort to have a more comfortable neighborhood feel . i saw several people in tshirts shorts jeans and sunglasses . maybe it was the nra in town but i even spotted some decidedly red folks . so maybe it is like a country club but in gastonia . nntheir decor hasnt changed so it still feels like a nice place but definitely softer and more comfortable than say a liberty gastropub . opt for  seating if the weather cooperates . even on a hot night the fans keep the air moving and it was nice . they had a sangria special it tastes fine enough but lacks the fun fruit you can munch on like at sole so id skip it for their nice wines.nnwe had the meatloaf with mac and cheese and green beans . i really enjoyed the green  they were cooked perfectly and still retained a little snap to them . the meatloaf was also very nice . we also had the  mignon . they had one misfire on temperature but their make good efforts were overwhelming best ive seen of any restaurant . the remake of the steak was cooked perfectly they replated it with new sides . the manager was very concerned about our happiness and took a lot of  talking with us . she also invited us to their new brunch on sundays . they apparently have a creme brulee french toast that looks divine . i wonder if it can compare with 131 mains granola french toast nnbut i digress . the portions were not large enough for my hungry man so we ordered a side of mushrooms which were nicely seasoned with shallots and scallions . nnwe were offered two chocolate bourbon truffles at the end of the night which were lovely not too sweet and solid texture . we opted out of dessert a shock to both of us i know . nni would like to go back for their pinot thursdays where they do  noir tastings on the 3rd thursday of every  . nnfinal tip citipass coupon book has a buy one get one free . so all in our meal cost 40 including a generous tip . so given that the value was great .
__label__pos love the sushi here . very  when i arrived and sat me at a booth . the atmosphere is very relaxing and comfortable . they give you a warm damp cloth to clean your hands . so awesome . i ordered two rolls and miso soup . the philly roll and shrimp tempura roll were excellent and they were  pieces . the sushi  walked around to all the customers at one point to make sure they were enjoying there meal . he was so nice and it is  nice to meet the person  your food . the  for all the delicious food was very acceptable . i had two sushi rolls and soup for 15. that is  much unheard of especially for the high quality of food they serve . delicious ... i will  be back for dinner again soon .
__label__neg service was good . we wont be returning though.nnthey are trying to be like   with the peanuts . which is fine but they are so overpriced and the  was horrible the only thing we  was the bread and the baked potato soup was wonderful.nni got filet mignon . and a sweet potato . both tasted  how do you ruin those . the filet had waaaaaaaaay too much seasoning on it and i couldnt eat it . no clue what they did to the sweet  . the waitress asked if we wanted to talk to a manager i said no this is our first time here and we wont be returning due to price and qualilty and no  to talk to a manager about it . nnmy hubby got an appetizer for his meal and it was quite small so if you normally do that kind of thing beware that it is a smaller portion .
__label__pos  and   and    and   . humongous . nice atmosphere too . love this place .
__label__neg no stars for me where did all the good employees go out of no where .. sorry you guys  a loyal customer .  manger took forever to  me with my concerns . dont even know her name   to  this store over or bring back the old  .
__label__neg one of those cute independent  that i wanted to give a great review to but ended up having a  of issues.nnwhile the gelato tasted  it was just way too melty . i was told that the gelato was actually made  so may be it  during delivery.nnalso they really shouldnt use the word scoop on the menu if theyre not actually scooping . when i ordered 2 scoops i really thought i would get twice as much gelato as 1 scoop . but it turn out to be a medium  that was just a little bigger than the small . nnhope that they work out all the kinks soon .
__label__pos there are only two restaurants on the west coast awarded 3michelin stars . nnone is french laundry in yountville whose 2month advance reservation requirement is just as famous as the actual cuisine served once you get there . nnthe other as of the last vegas michelin guide is joel robuchon in las vegas nv . nnwe booked a week in advance and had no trouble getting a reservation . but then again we were also flying into sin city on easter weekend so that may have played a part . nnthe experience was absolutely incredible . the  area was decorated by rich royal purple drapes crisp white dinnercloth and pale pink hues . each table had a green  as centerpiece paired by two tall electric tapered candles on either side . the huge arrangement of pale pink roses were real and lent a light sweet fragrance to the  . nnonly here  they use caviar as an amusebouche . shaved black truffles were generously used . flavors were clean but bolder than some might be used to . i was delighted that butter and cream were used sparingly and surprised at how combinations like sole over oyster and leek ravioli could actually come together as a cohesive whole . everything was cooked to  . i could write whole pages on this but instead ive uploaded 15 pictures to save everyone some time . nnon top of that the service was astounding . nneveryone was very professional and polite but simultaneously made us feel completely at ease . no pretentiousness here . they didnt bat an eye when we chose smaller dinner sets over their grand tasting menu . for the famous bread carts filled with 12 goodies like a basil brioche that tasted like fresh pesto baguettes loaves milk buns and little rolls infused with saffron and rosemary they kept on gently encouraging for us to pick and explore more . is there anything else youd like to try . we ended up trying every single one . nnthis was only to be repeated for the cheese tasting . although only my friends dinner included it they automatically brought share plates and didnt mind my mooching a little taste here and there from his selection . is this too modest a slice for you the server asked genuinely as he cut little wedges from each round my friend excitedly pointed at . nnthe dessert cart complete with miniature truffles cakes fresh marshmallows cookies even homemade lollipops only  the deal from there . they even gave me a cute little box of marshmallows to take home in a  black and purple box wrapped with ribbon . nnsave for the trip its worth every penny .
__label__pos i simply can not imagine the reviewers that give joel robuchons  in vegas anything but five stars have any real experience with fine dining . i have eaten a wide range of michelin starred restaurants and nothing compares to joel robuchons brilliant cuisine . days  my better half and i were still  the  gras appetizer and the veal cheek main course . and the bread cart ...  the bread cart ... . really you just have to see it to believe it . it will change your  seriously.nnthe service was also impeccabletimely yet never intrusive and the sommelier went out of her way to provide  with a pile of information . nnoverall this dinning experience was nothing short of masterful .
__label__pos jim n nicks is a great chain bbq place . the atmosphere is nice and the  are  . the bbq meat and sides were   . they have crushed ice . what really made this place 4 stars in my book was the pie . it is delicious . you really cant beat a well made  cream pie or chocolate pie and jnns  delivers . time for a 
__label__pos  produce.nnfresh  and other meats.nn2.99 freshly made to order sanwiches.nndecent prices cheaper than whole foods.nnparking is convenient.nnemployees in the  dept not so friendly . nncashiers are usually friendly .
__label__neg  and    .   and had   robin didnt even have the courtesy to call back ... . food was cold and undercooked appetizer was decent . too many place to eat at be treat well get great food and tip 25 that we are comfortable tipping when the restaurant deserves it . this one did not . highly unrecommended .
__label__neg  location .    were   were  out of service . this  is poorly maintained .
__label__pos grimaldis pizzeria is my new favorite place to get pizza . i usually go with my family and heres what we order . we  the mediterranean salad . it is big enough to serve four people with a little extra for who is hungry . that would be me . romaine lettuce olives feta cheese onions etc . the dressing is very light and refreshing . for pizza we order two personal sized pizzas and that feeds four people with a little extra for who is really hungry . that would be me again . this pizza goes down easy . its great tasting pizza with delicious sauce fresh toppings and thin crusts that do not leave you  with dough.nnthe wait staff remembers my family and we are greeted when we enter and throughout the course of our dinner . a past waiter will always drop by to say hello . the wait staff are very attentive and are true professionals.nnthis grimaldis location is in the new  west shopping  . check it out . this location gets  on the weekends and week nights draw a  crowd . grimaldis is  of the  .
__label__neg this is what passes for gourmet pizza in glendale i think not . youre kidding me . grimaldis is a sweet looking place in the desolate park west . the decorations are great and there is plenty of sinatra playing to further the illusion of class but once you sit down and look at the menu the disappointment starts flying at you.nnappetizers i think not unless youre feeling like salad . there is salad pizza and wine . also a full bar with beer . not that having a simple menu is bad its just that when pizza is all you make i expect mind blowing pizza . this falls flat on all levels.nnthe crust ill admit was decent . just the right amount of flavor and charring . youre getting that right . but the tomato sauce nothing special . do they  it from safeway the cheese just alright for a gourmet pizza and certainly not enough of it . as far as toppings go i dont like the idea of needing to order extra cheese just to have my pizza covered . also i feel every gourmet pizza joint of this magnitude should have proscuitto as an option . ham just isnt cutting it.nndont fret the white pizza was okay . it used just the  amount of garlic and had a fair balance . it was a bit on the bland side and i would definitely have  on that if i ever  back.nnbut please grimaldis spare us all your pretentiousness . no matter how many decorations your plastic hostesses included you put up or how much backstory you have about nyc you   . dont offer me some bs wine pairing with your pizza the only pairing it deserves is a  of budweiser and a yankees game . its just not quality stuff . some poor chump is  to waste 40 on a pizza and some 5 bevmo wine thinking hes dining on something amazing . meanwhile ill be enjoying my meal at a place like piazza al forno . take notes .
__label__neg i ate here with my husband as a convenient stop before we went shopping . its cafeteria food  . i didnt go in there thinking i was going to get a  star meal for 3.99. i got the veggie pasta w alfredo sauce and my  got the  and meatballs . i couldnt even make it through  of the store before i felt super  sick . no more cafeteria food for this girlie . stick with the hot dogs and ice cream that you can get after check out ... .
__label__pos when i lived in charlotte for like three weeks i  on iced soy lattes and the flourless lorins torte from salara . however every other item i had the pleasure of tasting was equally exquisite ... pecan tartlets big chunky chocolate chip cookies rich fudgy  sweettangy lemon squares ... each precious moment each  crumb savored more than the last . i dont miss charlotte but i do miss salara.nnthey also used to offer this incredible meal special that included an appetizer or salad dinner entree and dessert for around 20.00. these savory lunches and dinners were also fantastic but with a brightly lit 12foot refrigerator case full of delectable sweets my personal priorities were on glaring and incessant display . when i lived in charlotte i worked here and im pretty sure i became a diabetic during that brief stint . but  so  it.nnthe atmosphere is as stated  . a smooth natural stone bar cascades from the entryway like a veritable granitebrick road of inebriation leading you to that glowing emerald city of a  case . eat up my pretties ... nnfrom a servers point of view you will never find an easier computer system to work with . its honestly idiotproof which may even work to salaras disadvantage addressing an issue posed by the previous review as idle servers will tend to find something to do that has nothing to do with serving . nnbut serving is not a oneway job dont be afraid to express your feelings to your servers . tell them your hopes dreams and preferred meat temperatures . communication is the key to any successful relationship . if you treat your server like a onenight stand theyll do the same to you . youll both lie awake at night lousy with guilt poring over what went wrong between that first cheery hello and the crappytip farewell . nnand someday when youve long forgotten this crime of silence youll pass each other in the street exchanging lingering doiknowyou glances only to remember all too well that yes to your mutual shame you most certainly have met before .
__label__neg in the interest of full disclosure understand that i have a natural aversion to all things redneck . in fact the second star is only because i try to reserve 1 star ratings for places that genuinely mistreat me which they havent done . am i not merciful am i not mercifuuuuul still you can take the rest of this with a  of salt . what i might hate about the place may be exactly what makes you a fan.nnmusic overplayed asinine generic top40 and hiphop with trite lyrics usually about doing the sort of  youre probably doing at da club but on a tighter budget mixed awkwardly with contemporary country i.e . the worst kind of country . all of which is played at a volume that leads one to  if dale jr. has some bizarre profit motive for rattling vital organs out of his customers rib cages . nndrinks standard variety of beer and spirits youll find anywhere people go to get hammered . i dont remember anything noteworthy enough for praise or criticism . the prices were a little high but no more than what you should expect for uptown.nnamenities this is where whisky river does best . the  floor is pretty large and the bar is long enough that you might not have a sea of humanity separating you from the bartender each time you go for another drink . the floor to ceiling window looking down onto  street is pretty cool too . the mechanical bull is well ... a mechanical bull . if youll forgive the lazy tautology it is what it is a means of allowing or tricking hot  girls to be sexually provocative . as a straight male its kinda hard to criticize too much.nnclientele imagine a large group of outoftown nascar fans of all ages who in desperation for a big night out in an unfamiliar city find themselves at a night club ... on college night . maybe throw in some townies in ed hardy shirts and pointy black leather shoes and there you have it . nnso if you can stand a couple hours of earsplitting tpain nickelback and  aldean without envying the deaf this place may be for you . however if you need me ill be at connollys or belfast mill .
__label__pos   .   arent  too   .
__label__neg   fest .   . the   were   though .
__label__neg i walked in and i saw two stripper poles in the middle.nthat alone gave me an idea of what my night would be like at jet.nnme and my 4 girls got walked into the club on halloween night we got to avoid the ridiculous line and the  fee . that was definitely nice.nnthere was free sky vodka drinks for  not a big  but my friends definitely appreciated it.nneveryone was in costume and enjoying themselves but despite the spirit of halloween the club was just ... whats the word im looking for ... ghetto.nnstripper poles enough said.nnmusic wasnt flowing a lot heavier on hip hop  and new which isnt my thing to begin with.nalso the crowd wasnt the best im not elitist or anything but whats the motivation of breaking out your best moves if there arent any good looking people aroundnnme and my bff couldnt take the ghettoness of the place and split  that one chick snookie from that one show was gon na be there but since  whotf she was we left happily . that explained a lot about the type of crowd in the club last night bunch of jersey shore wannabes.nnno thanks jet not even for free .
__label__neg i visited again the last  i was here . what the hell happened to the service is there a new  my whole group got jipped about 500 on bottle service.there was some kind of deal we were  we had a table for the guys so that they could get it and the girls would not have to pay blah blah blah . we get to the promoter edit i can not remember his name . but this happened july 2010 so hopefully he does not work there anymore . worst promoter in the world . we set up bottle service with this dude he takes the guys into the club . he makes them wait and takes their money . than leaves them . but they are not quite in yet theyre in that weird not in line but not in the club part . us girls are outside so we think they are in the club and getting there bottle service so our hour wait is not that bad to us even though we are in the promoter line that is supposed to be short . nnfinally we get a text saying that we have no bottle service and the guy still took the money and is not coming back . hold the phone.. what are you serious us girls  our promoter and call him over to us.. my girl melanie gets in face and asks for the money back . he says no and starts getting pissy . he than tells us that without him the guys would have had to wait in the other line for 3 hours and that he got them in there in 30 minutes . is this guy delusional we just paid him 500. we get pissed and demand to talk to his manager or someone that works in the club our response was you guys want to leave go ahead . we can escort you . that instantly shut me up because the guys are already in there  with no chance of a refund . the promoter and the guy in charge of the  line knew they had gotten us . so we were led in with bad attitudes and our buzzes gone . nso because of this tragedy i will never go there again and warn my friends from going there . yes the inside is cool but that does not  their behavior .
__label__pos childrens safari is top notch . their teachertochild ratios are lower than the state mandates which is the  one reason i chose them to care for my son . plus kathy owner and pamela  really really care about the children . theyre nice professional attentive to detail and pretty much all of the things you want in a daycare  . the facility is new and impeccably  . everything is  on . i just cant say  good things about them ... .
__label__pos the food and service was outstanding and the nfl special was well  21.99 for a large 1 topping pizza chicken wings and a pitcher of beer . the meatball pizza was delicious and not over the top . the italian wings were very good and of course ... beernnwe sat in the couch and lounge  which was  enough to the bar for good service but far enough away to not be  by the various conversations going on at any good bar . the service was excellent and i felt as if they were starting to read my mind at one point . we were a pretty good size group but they still managed to keep the food and beer flowing without hesitation.nnthis is defiantly a ny giants bar but being the only cowboys fan in the place they welcomed me with good banter and ribbing . i felt like a welcomed guest even though the cowboys actually won still a  shocked myself and ended up winning a tshirt from the raffle drawing.nni have some ny giants  which have been looking for a good bar for games so i will definitely recommend this to them and will be back for sure .
__label__neg im too tired to write a completely thorough critique of each dish of our comped prix fixe  but here is what we orderednnndim sum sampler egg  shiu mai pot stickers goodnchicken and  soup fantasticnwon ton soup boyfriend said it was goodnlobster salad ick too much dressingnpeppered beef tenderloing ok chewy at timesnhoney walnut prawns weird ... sauce was mayonnaiseynmochi ice cream always fantasticntofu custard almost  me barfnnthe service was  but apparently this meal is normally 80 per person . i wouldnt  30 per person . decent  nothing too  here . we wouldnt have chosen it if we were spending our own money ... nnhead over to the spice market buffet at planet hollywood for superior pot stickers ... ...
__label__neg overpriced  asian  food . although advertised as a noodle and dim sum restaurant the menu  food from all over the place with  dim   . everything is overpriced for what it is . the  was fine and the atmosphere was  as well . but the food was not worth it .
__label__neg two stars for   3  for  of food.nnif you have had real and inexpensive chinese food it will be very hard for you to justify a meal here . we came here only because 1 it was open late 2 we needed soup for sick fiancu00e9.nndidnt order any dim sum because at 6 for 4 hor gao it seemed like highway robbery . i had the mabo tofutasted just like the packaged kind i buy for 2. this was 15 plus  for steamed rice . fiancu00e9 got noodle soupnothing we havent had before that was not only cheaper but better.nnmaybe if you are into pf changs kind of chinese food you should try this place . 50 for  people is cray cray . that would feed 4 people easily at a real chinese restaurant i realize this is vegas and everything is expensive but for some reason i have a harder time justifying paying this much for chinese  because it is usually so cheap .
__label__pos i had to organize our company convention i picked this show because i thought it would be fun . i had a private show if you have 70 people or more you can have a private show . i was nervous because i wasnt sure if this would be a  show . im glad i picked this show . i recommend if you have a corporate event you pick them very  in price . it was worth  penny . not only did they create a script just for us they did research on our  . they kept the group laughing so hard . everyone left with a picture thats   but even with a picture and  two drinks per person it was very affordable .  for a corporate event
__label__pos   but  foodneat pierogies made by yournancient  mom.nnb
__label__neg pas de 5 u00e0 7 bar familial beaucoup denfants . je trouve cela beaucoup trop cher pour ce que cest ... en plus le service que jai reu00e7u u00e9tait tru00e8s du00e9sagru00e9able .  serveuse ne savait mu00eame pas comment  machine interac  ...  des clients habituu00e9s mont  que les  ne sont pas toutes comme cela ... une chance . nnle seul plus cest que le pop corn est  ...
__label__neg just got back home from here ... ... .yup thats the best i can say about this place i made it out alive ... ..ok maybe thats a stretch but truly eaters beware if you love poor quality canadianized chinese food this is your  . the food was mostly soggy msged and was very limited in choice for your 18 counted approx 24 items on the hot course buffet . we had to wait around empty pans hoping someone would come out with something that was at least hot and fresh enough to not have  soggy from the copious amonts of oil being used here . having voiced all these complaints the chicken wings were by far the very best thing on the buffet the rice and chicken goo guy enjoyable the rest wont make you sick but nothing youll  to do again soon.nwe ate here 10 years ago it was exactly the same i guess we figured that to still be in business after that long improvements must have been made ... nopenthe drinks were varied interesting delicious and fairly priced for their size if you are ordering virgins for the kids ... .very pricey they only take off 2 per drink i should have told them to charge me the total and  me the alcohol ... .the 6 i saved would have gotten me a  stiff   wont be back unless of course we get a burning need to feed some of the 40 turtles they have in their fountains
__label__pos im back in vancouver now and find myself missing this gym it had everything i needed and waaay more . its huge and clean with tons of  has a shake and food bar a shop with protein supplements and vitamins but most  has an amazing room for boxing and kickboxing training . nnover the course of a few sessions i worked with a trainer named matthew . though id been training in  for about 6 months id picked up some bad habits . matthew brought it back to basics for me and pushed me until i had given up nearly every shred of energy i had . hes got a great  without being forceful making me want to work harder and harder and hes got a great eye for body alignment showing me subtle ways to get more out of my movements . nnnext time im back in   brief ill be sure to book a   with him again .
__label__neg typique resto pizzaburgerpoutine qui fait la livraison et les commandes pour emporter en plus de la salle u00e0 manger . assez cher comparu00e9 aux autres mais utile quand on a envie de junk food u00e0 1h du matin et que cest le seul resto encore  dans le quartier . nnles portions en salle u00e0 manger sont gu00e9nu00e9reuses mais celles des commandes pour  sont beaucoup plus  les plats sont u00e0 peine remplis . ils corrigent la situation quand on leur en fait part mais il serait bien  ce soit automatique . nnla poutine nest dailleurs pas tru00e8s bonne . les frites surgelu00e9es ne sont pas assez cuites la sauce na pas une  des plus agru00e9ables et  fromage nest pas excellent .  moins il y en a suffisamment nnle service est toutefois tru00e8s bon u00e7a sauve un  lensemble .
__label__pos  . the  was wonderful .  feel rushed . they got us in on last  notice on a friday  and stayed open well  closing . would go again on next trip to  food was yummy as 
__label__pos super bar ou00f9 passer un bon moment entre amis pr une  ou pas nnn u00c9norme capacitu00e9 ce bar doit u00eatre sur 3 ou 4 u00e9tages et  une terrasse immense genial du00e8s quil fait bon  essayez darriver assez tu00f4t 21h pr  des places assises quand mu00eame parce que sinon.. attendez vous a boire debout ou pire a faire la queue dehors nnn la deco fait penser a une grande maison dans laquelle on y  une grosse boom nnn je 
__label__neg okay place but watch out for the bar tenders who do funny math and ask you if you are  that you want your  back . i suppose those are typical bartender  but its  fun to   you are being  off . tsk  .
__label__neg  nest pas un endroit  rien dexceptionnel  mon gou00fbt peutu00eatre estce ma  expu00e9rience qui na pas u00e9tu00e9 positive . les boissons basiques la musique torp fort les    pour avoir plus de tips ... nbref ambiance u00e9trange .
__label__neg une horreur . cest le  mexicain ou00f9 jai mangu00e9 ils servent leur ceviche avec du pegasus  le pru00e9ciser . la qualitu00e9 des plats laisse u00e0 penser u00e0 une  cantine mexicaine degueu ou encore la cuisine dun ressort dans le sud tru00e8s bas de gamme .  infection ne parlons pas du service nullissime et du manque de  de  maison
__label__neg  le dire le matin de semaine cest long longtemps quand tas une rage de  ... je suis patient et cet endroit me met au du00e9fi u00e0  fois . jy retourne le mois suivant en me disant que pe javais frappu00e9 une  day tsu00e9 ... nope pas du  cest toujours aussi lent et mu00eame  u00e7a a lair quasiment pu00e9nible pour les employu00e9s ... nnmais bon si vous u00eates pressu00e9 par un matin de semaine mallez pas u00e0 ce mcdo
__label__pos local tout petit  pourrait presque passer inaperu00e7u  lextu00e9rieur .  parce que  gu00e2teaux vlent  du00e9tour
__label__neg   a  annu00e9es je   u00e0 montru00e9al avec des copines pour voir un concert au centre bell . on est restu00e9 lu00e0 parce que apru00e8s une super bonne expu00e9rience u00e0 toronto dans une auberge jeunesse on voulait faire la mu00eame chose ici . sauf que cest pas vraiment une auberge jeunesse mais plutu00f4t un motel qui ma fait peur . javais limpression que le bunk bed en haut de moi u00e9tait pru00eat u00e0 tomber u00e0 tout moment . jai vu assez de bibittes des araignu00e9es et dautre dont je ne connais pas le nom pour quon en sorte le plus rapidement possible le lendemain matin . je me souviens davoir trouvu00e9 la douche petite . venant dune fille de 5 pieds 4 qui nest pas grosse non non je ne du00e9voilerai pas mon poids ici  peux seulement essayer dimaginer les autres qui sont plus grandsgros que moi et cest pas beau . des fois on a juste besoin dune place u00e0 dormir mais u00e0 nos quatre on a ru00e9alisu00e9 quu00e0 30 la personne on aurait eu une bien plus belle chambre ailleurs .
__label__neg jy  allu00e9e  des   basses pour le service ayant les les avis qui sont parrus avant le mien mais je mattendais u00e0 une bonne bouffe . pour ce qui est de la nourriture cu00e9tait excellent et je dois dire que les u00e9toiles sont pas mal juste pour u00e7a . cest dispendieux mais quand le tier des services contiennent du fois gras il faut sen attendre . au moins on u00e9pargne sur le vin parce que cest un apportez votre vin . toutefois le service u00e9tait vraiment pas u00e0 la hauteur  plats servis . apru00e8s un gros 20 minutes dattente il a fallu quon aille chercher la serveuse pour quelle nous donne de leau et un ouvrebouteille pour les vins quon a emmenu00e9 . u00c0 la fin du repas aussi pour commander nos desserts puis pour demander la facture une fois les desserts terminu00e9s et les assiettes ramassu00e9es on ne nous a pas demandu00e9 si on voulait thu00e9 ou cafu00e9 non plus il a aussi fallu que quelquun de notre groupe ai chercher la serveuse . et tout u00e7a pour notre groupe de 6 personnes qui u00e9tait le seul dans tout le resto pour toute la soiru00e9e puis u00e0 la sortie ju00e9tais la derniu00e8re u00e0 payer et la serveuse ma dit que le monsieur avant moi un ami navait pas donnu00e9 de pourboire . elle a ajoutu00e9e que cu00e9tait illu00e9gal de ne pas donner de pourboire car cest son salaire et quon devait absolument donner un minimum de 15. soit elle ne connait pas le fait que le pourboire est pour un bon service et u00e0 la discru00e9tion du client ou bien elle se fait avoir par son employeur ... .ou les deux . dommage parce que la bouffe u00e9tait vraiment bonne ...
__label__neg our food was decent but the service was horrible . our server was rude  our  and gave us a  we had canceled and subsequently  charged us for his mistake . we  our food and had a mediocre bottle of wine but did not  eating in the pitch black we probably wouldnt go back  on the poor lighting and poor service .
__label__neg   . our  was  and  at  the  the customer 
__label__pos    de biu00e8re    . pub sympa tranquille pas tru00e8s achalandu00e9 . un must u00e0 connau00eetre
__label__pos pendant des annu00e9es    le coin et  des annu00e9es jy ai mangu00e9 leurs repas et sandwichs pru00eatsu00e0manger sur lheure du lunch . cu00e9tait aussi dailleurs mon cafu00e9 de facto en rentrant au travail le matin . sans flincher cest probablement un des restos les plus fiables . la qualitu00e9 de leurs produits est toujours  plus u00e9levu00e9es laccueil en restaurant et au comptoir est toujours u00e0 la hauteur et les prix sont quand mu00eame abordables pour  vieuxmontru00e9al . nnbonnes salades excellents sandwichs sur pain au levain maison du00e9licieux plats chauds pour emporter excellente variu00e9tu00e9 de boissons et superbe su00e9lection de sucreries et chocolats locaux .
__label__pos   . almond croissant.nnits   thats what she said joke here and has a good amount of  filling . so i would try to split it with someone as a dessert rather than try to devour the whole thing as breakfast like i did because it can be a little too heavy for the morning hours.nnle cartet is a cute cafe with plenty of seating . they sell european snacksgifts in the front such as jam candy coffee etc . you can also get your coffee to go . and it aint just coffee anymore . so many different varieties to choose fromnnservice was quick and theyre nice enough to give you their wifi password if youre not from town . nndo yourself a favor and go get that  now
__label__pos i came here several  while  montreal because it was so close to where i was  at the  residence halls . the abundant seating and free   it a great place to sit and journal or write emails . great  and scrumptious pastriesbaked 
__label__pos dependent de lheure de la journu00e9e lambiance du benelux peut u00eatre tru00e8s diffu00e9rente . tranquille en apru00e8smidi cest un bon endroit pour prendre un verre avec un petit groupe ou mu00eame caller une pinte en travaillant . mais rendu u00e0 17h environ u00e7a se remplit et lambiance devient de plus en plus  . si vous arrivez un peu apru00e8s 18h il se  quu00e0 ce moment lu00e0 vous ayez un peu de misu00e8re u00e0 vous trouver une place pour vous asseoir surtout  fin de semaine . le  de biu00e8res est affichu00e9 sur le  et les serveuses se feront aussi un plaisir de vos   bonne biu00e8re selon vos gou00fbts . de plus de temps en temps ils font des u00e9vu00e9nements pour faire du00e9couvrir des nouvelles biu00e8res u00e0 leurs clients donc gardez vos yeux ouverts pour u00eatre au courant
__label__pos i daydream about how much i miss this wonderful spirite  ... nni was  there in 2006 but the  then was that you had to call in advance to make a reservation so that they would know how much  to make that day . nnthe meals are always  and the chocolate  sweetened with banana brings tears of joy to my eyes.nnthe decor is constantly changing and i recall that the starting  were  tasty . id come back to montreal to spend a few more hours at le lounge .
__label__pos   oldschool icecreme  . im here every summer with my kids . its also next to my favorite park so its full of win ...
__label__neg this is a restaurant with great atmosphere and lots of potential but poor service and average food takes this review from four stars to two . nnwould you be happy spending 85tip on this nn1 . the reservation for table on the terrace was  and we sat inside.n2 . our food was left under the kitchen heater so long it was hot and cold at the same time was there no one designated to  foodn3 . our waiter was covering too many  and could not manage all of them e.g . i asked for a second glass of  with dinner and was brought the menu half way through my entree . nnmanagement take  . the food is average at best and the menu predictable . montreal is supposed to be one of the best culinary cities in north america . either fire your manager or get a new chef because  food and sloppy service is a recipe for unhappy foodies . i really wanted to love this restaurant but even duck fat fries cant save this one .
__label__neg jy  allu00e9e  une  pour boire un verre et je ne pense pas y retourner mon cosmopolitan u00e9tait vraiment mauvais je nai pas pu le boire . le serveur ma demandu00e9 sil  avait un problu00e8me je lui ai expliquu00e9 et jai commandu00e9 autre chose . au moment de payer je pensais avoir un geste de leur part  lincident du cosmo mais non jai payu00e9 la totalitu00e9 et pas  excuse . je ny retournerai surement pas
__label__pos tru00e8s beau bar bonne ambiance bon service idu00e9al    amis bonne biu00e8res les  5 a 7 sont bien occupu00e9
__label__neg we were looking to  dinner and  of my guests remembered this place  from her youth . we ordered there 11  . 1  brochette 1 cheese cannelloni and 1 calamari dinner . brochette was ok but a bit tasteless cheese  was meh and the  was passable . the rice was  . cant recommend it .
__label__pos    la pizza   la  est succulante moilleuse et croustillante en meme temps il y a une tonne de garniture le fromage coule cest une  qui ne se mange pas sur le pousse . en plus cest des gros morceaux de vrai bacon ... nncest sure que cest peutetre plus cher quune pizzeria commerciale mais tu en as plus et de la qualite en plus . nnles sousmarins aussi sont bons et la poutine est tres surprenante en livraison . encore  une tonne de fromage et des frites croustillantes
__label__pos fun original full of taste and an exciting menu . i brought my mother who is not vegetarian at all and she loved the fake meat plates she took . she  wants to bring a friend of hers nnand visually the plates makes you want to try it allnnand their  drinks ... to trynnnnamusant original et plain de gou00fbt . jy ai amenu00e9 ma mu00e8re qui nes aucunement vu00e9gu00e9tarienne et elle a adoru00e9s ses plats de fausses viandes . elle veut mu00eame faire du00e9couvrir le resto u00e0 une amiennet visuellement les plats ne font  du00e9sirer de les essayer tousn net vous  essayer leurs boissons exotiques
__label__pos upscale vegan thai cuisine   . i had a saute dish with mock  and veggies and rice and my husband had a  dish with a few types of mock meat . both were great and we look  to  back on our   to montreal .
__label__neg on ny va que   section fruits  lu00e9gumes toujours bien remplie . sinon cest sale les u00e9tagu00e8res sont sans dessus  u00e0 moitiu00e9  . inutile de su00e9terniser sur le sujet . on y  en cas de grande nu00e9cessitu00e9 . uniquement .
__label__pos cette revue ne concerne que les touristes et nouveaux arrivants u00e0 montru00e9al car toute autre personne connait forcu00e9ment cette institution que sont les pierrots.nainsi donc amis arrivants et touristes si lors dune de vos fins de semaines vous avez une envie terrible de swinguer au  enivrant des grands classiques quu00e9bu00e9cois francophones et anglophones si vous avez envie de chanter u00e0 tuetu00eate avec vos amis si vous avez envie de voir du musiclive alors rendezvous aux pierrots lambiance y est 100 garantie toute la soiru00e9e la musique y est assuru00e9e pas des petits groupes  sympathiques et tru00e8s talentueux . lensemble du bar est organisu00e9 autour de la scu00e8ne  ou00f9 ont lieux les concerts . et tru00e8s rapidement les tables de devant vont u00eatre enlevu00e9es par les serveurs pour amu00e9nager une piste de danse . dailleurs ne venez pas ici si cest pour parler et ne pas danser vous allez u00eatre tru00e8s vite du00e9u00e7u  aussi ... remarquu00e9na noter quil ne vaut mieux pas sy rendre en voiture essayez donc de trouver une place de  convenable pour voir ... mais que si vous persistez tout de mu00eame dans cette voie lu00e0 le conducteur du00e9signu00e9 aura droit u00e0 des breuvages gratuits durant la soiru00e9e 2 minimums.npour les autres oui cest vrai comme dit dans lautre revue apru00e8s le mu00e9tro champ de marche  y aura un bon 15 minutes de marche u00e0 faire mais sincu00e8rement u00e7a vaut vraiment le coup
__label__neg      tru00e8s  et sans gout .
__label__pos amazing seafood follow the road all the way down to the glowing pink sign . its almost as if they dont want to be noticed ... oh but they are just to make a reservation you have to call their  leave a message and their  tells you they will call you back only if they find room for you . dont show up unannounced or you wont get a table i was lucky to get a callback on a wednesday night for a reservation at 9pm at the bar after all that it was a  experience . we ordered the lobster poutine and it was really good . some yelpers have claimed inconsistency on this dish but luckily for us this  it was very well made . next we ordered a medium seafood platter which you can see in one of my  it was also incredible . unfortunately we ate too much to try the dessert but will be returning . the staff was very  and always attentive to our needs . the ambiance was happy and lively and the music was not as loud as some have commented we had no problem hearing each other . will  be back provided i  a callback again
__label__neg not  to be long winded but here  . drive 6 hours to  here . our  chelsea was fantastic .  was good . lobster poutine ... ..barely any lobster or gravy or cheese and had to pull 2  shells out oft mouth . pretty much a bowl of fries . seafood risotto ... ...  off great until chewing on unshelled shrimp . not at all  since bill for table of 4 was over 300.00 . will not be back
__label__pos vraiment   bar . cest le mu00e9lange parfait de la taverne typique plein de bois des tables pour sy asseoir confortablement des vitraux u00e0 la art du00e9co des peanuts au menu et du barlounge moderne . jy suis allu00e9e pour un party organisu00e9 donc lambiance u00e9tait du00e9ju00e0 u00e0 la fu00eate ce qui a rajoutu00e9 une espu00e8ce du00e9nergie spu00e9ciale . latmosphu00e8re u00e9tait  dhumeur on fait le party toute la soiru00e9e les prix des biu00e8res u00e9tait correct et la su00e9lection aussi . les serveurs et les gens derriu00e8re   sont aussi super gentils attentifs ils sont capable de vous voir venir de loin et vous servent assez rapidement . javais un autre u00e9vu00e9nement ailleurs par la suite mais jai regrettu00e9 dy u00eatre allu00e9e si tu00f4t . je me suis ennuyu00e9e de normand ...
__label__neg tried twice to make a reso at this place foot dinner . one time they  us to hold on to  and  us on hold until we  up . second  they did not  pic up the phone . i  the food is  here too bad i wont be bringing my business here .
__label__neg jai mangu00e9 le plat  jour un plat de pu00e2tes  cuites  de leau au fond de lassiette quelques pilons de poulet et morceaux de  qui semblaient avoir u00e9tu00e9 bouillis . le tout couronnu00e9 de  de carottes et  surgelu00e9s . 16 avant taxes et pourboire exu00e9crable
__label__pos   u00e0 montru00e9al . le du00e9cor laisse u00e0 du00e9sirer mais on nan pas envie qiuil change . cest la place  montru00e9al pour les meilleurs hotdogs.nnon chuchote qual capone y allait souvent et franchement on  comprend
__label__neg  de    venir  ici mu00eame si cotu00e9 architecture le bu00e2timent est sympa et coloru00e9 . a lintu00e9rieur il y a une station  mu00e9tro accessible et quelques boutiques mais encore une fois si vous aviez pru00e9vu un du00e9tour pour   vous pouvez annuler .
__label__pos jaime  le  des congru00e8s avec ses belles fenu00eatres de couleurs diffu00e9rentes noubliez pas vos lunettes de soleil lorsque vous passez devant les fenu00eatres jaunes cependant.nnje suis daccord avec le fait quil manque de toilettes pour un u00e9vu00e8nement comme le mondial de la biu00e8re quoique limmeuble na pas u00e9tu00e9 construit dans le but dabriter  gens ayant consommu00e9s autant de biu00e8re . jy suis allu00e9e pour un autre type du00e9vu00e8nement ou du vin nous u00e9tait servi et  nombre de toilettes u00e9tait raisonnable .
__label__pos pour  brunch hebdomadaire de fin de semaine nous avons du00e9cidu00e9 de venir ici . bref nous avons un peu attendu  davoir une  . nous avons pris le breakfast  avec gaufre aux  et nutella . pour  cetai vraiment copieux . il y avait une grosse portion de pomme de terre.le bacon u00e9tait croustillant . et la gaufre u00e9tait bonne . le service u00e9tait rapide  la serveuse agru00e9able . peutu00eatre que la portion  viande u00e9tait un peu petite . sinon tout u00e9tait tru00e8s bon
__label__neg we ordered the escargots au gratin which were pretty good but the pasta lasagna and pizza were awful they had too  raw tomato taste the  tasted like those frozen ones you buy at the grocery store not  at all and the pizza also looked like a mini frozen pizza with blackburnt edges and  strips of fresh peppers added to it . we felt sick after and it was only made worse when we got the expensive bill and were reminded that we didnt just have to  eating the food but now we had to pay a  bill . i would not recommend eating here unless you just want to try the escargots . i almost wish that i had had the nerve to tell them that we didnt like it and return the food  of politely eating it .
__label__neg i got this hotel with a flight deal for a 3 night stay at montreal i booked through expedia . nnthe man asked for a credit card and gave me keys . now you only have one set of keys per person . the lobby doors  at 11. nnthe man saw me with my luggage but gave me a room on the third floor take in they have no elevators . he wasnt doing anything he was just chilling but yet he watch me struggle pulling my luggage 3 flights of stairs . nndoor needs a rough push to open after unlocking . ni sat  my room and i can hear people beside my room . the walls are super thin . the floor is not  . you can  a ball on the floor on  end and it will roll to the other end . it was  at night and people are talking loud and walking around in the  . i was afraid because im pretty sure with enough push the door can break open . nnbecause of this experience i would never stay at a hotel thats less than 4 stars . i was afraid of bed  and i actually looked under the bed ..there are used tissue and it is filthy also its freezing there was no way to control the thermostat . i slept with a sweater and a jacket on top my my blanket and it made me have a coldnnthis place needs some serious cleaning and renovation especially a new staff . because this is a crap hotel .
__label__neg  doesnt have to mean gross . that place hasnt been cleaned in ages the  hanging from the ceiling are so dustry it makes me want to vomit . the  is dinerquality and their cooked apples are gross plus i hate cooked apples . its  and stuffy and reminds me of a dirty grandmothers house . they need to renovate and  the menu . the only  theyre still open is because montreal has loads of cheapos .
__label__pos such a  place for brunch they have great brunch  and large selection of coffee . the please  nicely packed with laid  patrons with their cup of  reading newspaper or thick satre . the seating is  but cozy.nthe food came in large plates enough to really cramp the small  for two . the savory dish we ordered  with over cooked veggie and dead poached apple the sweet chocolate crepes loaded with whipped cream . strangely they were great
__label__neg the following review as a warning to all touristsnnthis is not the tim hortons youve heard so much about from your friends  about in  and dreamt about as you sit in your duncan donuts . and even if i myself am not a  fan of tim hortons they   at about three stars in my opinion.nnthis particular  is not representative of the chain as a whole . its dirty the service is rude the bathrooms are filthy and it is a hangout for some very peculiar  .
__label__pos  un  choix pour le  mu00eame  le soir ou le 57.nnla bavette de veau est vraiment tru00e8s bonne .  service super attentionnu00e9 lambiance assez dynamique peutu00eatre un peu bruyant mais lexpu00e9rience est tru00e8s agru00e9able et positive .  de vin correct peutu00eatre  peu limitu00e9 au verre mais raisonnable.nnjaime beaucoup cet endroit .
__label__pos roberto est une institution dans le quartier et je comprends pourquoi bien que je nai pas essayu00e9 le restaurant ni le coin traiteur jai plutu00f4t succombu00e9 u00e0 une succulente gelato faite dans la plus pure tradition italienne . nnjai choisi la petite coupe avec trois saveurs cafu00e9 pistache et noix de coco . mon coup de coeur  du00e9finitivement u00e0 la  de coco les deux   quand mu00eame une mention  car elles u00e9taient aussi bien bonnes.nnil y a des saveurs originales telles que la zuppa inglesa cru00e8me anglaise et un beau choix de sorbets . nnune vraie gu00e2terie du00e9tu00e9 en plein  soir
__label__pos il sagit dune enseigne  depuis 1928. un vrai et bon deli .  service  . une viande tru00e8s savoureuse . nous lavons choisie maigre ce qui  le  plus digeste . les frites maisons sont appru00e9ciables ainsi que la salade de choux pour la note diu00e9tu00e9tique
__label__pos there is nice  outside on the sidewalk like many restaurants along mont royal . we had breakfast outdoors here one morning during our most recent  in the plateau  and both the food and service were  . order taken promptly waitress  etc . my eggs over easy were cooked perfectly and my order of bacon was ample 4 slices . and fresh  orange juice to boot . all for around 10.  value and a nice little place for  .
__label__pos la distillerie has a great atmosphere and crowd for your 20somethings who like to get their  drank on . from the cool and attractive waitstaff to the  and inspiring cocktails la  is sure to give you and your  plenty to talk about when you get there . nnthe menu has le freshest design with a simple and informational style that not only explains the alcohol content level of each drink but also the  flavor cohort that it can be shoved into . from sweet and acidic to herbal there are both classic and modern favors for you to choose from . nnthe only con that i had here was the time it took both to get the attention of a waiter and to finally get the drink i ordered . other than that i loved it . will definitely being going back to try morennon a  note there was one particular guy waiter who was hotasfux with some of the most lickable eyebrows i have ever seen ... .and lets not forget about that female bartender with blonde dreads who double fisted those drink mixers and pounded that  with that hammer like she was thor . that definitely had me feelin some type of way .
__label__pos this place c ame as a top recommendation from a former montrealer i read about it and was a little wary of going to a retro lounge but took the plunge and headed there one night.nnthe decor is   neat it does retro without being corny and i found myself aweing over their hand chairs in love with the light fixtures and captivated over  different items from the bar to the  to the  . nndrink service was fast the dj was  all the best songs and the patrons were very social and friendly . i could have  here  i was in montreal and been happier than a pig in mud .
__label__pos when youre on vacation anything  . an by anything i mean consuming a giantsized dish of crepes smothered in vanilla ice cream drizzled with belgian chocolate and piled high with strawberries and bananasfor breakfastnnon a snowy  morning we sat on the  level of this charming  creperie watching the passersby and wondering how on earth they survived this weather without proper bundling i kid you not some of these people were in track jackets or heavy sweatshirts i was but only thankful to be inside this warm delicious smelling restaurantnnwith three floors and several pages of crepes to choose from  quiche and other fun  youll find a place to plant your bum and some yum to fill your tum in no time
__label__neg nous y  allu00e9s  soir et vraiment mis u00e0 part les u00e9normes drink double le reste du repas laissait u00e0 du00e9sirer . le poulet u00e9tait bru00fblu00e9 et  ils disent que cest la spu00e9cialitu00e9 du chef pourtant et le shish kebad u00e9tait presque immangeable . cest  deuxiu00e8me fois que nous y allons et  sera la derniu00e8re . dommage  drink vont nous manquer .
__label__neg jaime beaucoup accompagner mes repas de vin rouge de pru00e9fu00e9rence donc je me rend une et deux fois par semaine u00e0 la saq pour choisir une bouteille allant avec mon plat . du00e9pendamment ou00f9 je me trouve dans montru00e9al je vais u00e0 la  la plus proche de ma location et u00e0 chaque fois le service est super  u00e0 cette saq.nncomme jhabite  u00e0 cu00f4tu00e9 de la  de montroyal coin clark je my suis rendue u00e0 5 reprises et jamais je nai eu de service de la part des conseillers alors que je poirotais une dizaine de minutes u00e0 chaque fois devant les u00e9talages et que jy my rendais lors des heures de tru00c8s  affluence ils placottaient au comptoir sans maccorder la moindre attention . nde plus 3 des 5  jai du retourner mon vin car il u00e9tait vinaigru00e9 . y auraitil un problu00e8me avec leur stock
__label__pos  paninis.namazing homemade lemonade.namazing atmosphere.nreally good  for brunch.nnand who can  the lovely euro  of  
__label__pos     in  montreal.nngetting this out of the way up front..the three negatives that are somewhat minor are ... nn1 . you will wait and wait for a table on a nice weekend.n2 . service is only ok. they are so busy that you may be overlooked at times.n3 . no coffee refills . the coffee is 3 your meal is over 15 but no refills on coffee.nnbeyond that ... nn1 . the cuban and egg in your face paninis are both delicious and of a respectable size.n2 . the chocolate brioche bun as well as the blueberry are a meal in themselves . i suggest splitting one of these if you are also having something else this is one of the best sweet treats i have eaten in a long time.n3 . the fresh fruit bowl with yogurt is super fresh and delicious.n4 . the decor in here is fun . the chandelier made out of vines is cool as are all the chalkboard drawings and general feel of the space.nnyou have to eat here . overall it is a bit pricey but the food and experience are worth it . just go slow on the coffee .
__label__pos pourquoi cest si bon cet endroit estce que cest une attrape touriste oui mmaiiss cest vraiment bien avec manifestemment un inconditionnel amour des produits de lu00c9rable cet endroit nous du00e9livre la marchandise avec de tru00e8s bonne cru00e8me glacu00e9e u00e0 lu00c9rable et autre . jadore les produits de lu00e9rable et jai u00e9tu00e9 content pour moins de 34 davoir un cornet en ce chaud samedi revenant dune expo plutu00f4t du00e9cevante du centre des sciences de montru00e9al . les du00e9lices de lu00c9rable est effectivement une attrape touriste avec son lot de cossins u00e0 lu00e9rable que chaque touriste se plaie u00e0 manger et qui cou00fbte un peu trop cher . donc ce nest pas parfait mais tout de mu00eame un  tru00e8s bien qui selon ma thu00e9orie du vieux port de montru00e9al sest grandement adaptu00e9 aux locaux moins cher quavant  de tru00e8s bons choix moins attrape touriste.nni really like du00e9lice des u00c9rables as en ensemble of great maple product . i went there saturday to get a very good maple and mapple butter ice cream cone for  than 34. pretty decent . service is  the product are amazing and they do offer some nonmaple ice cream . they also have great variety of maple sweet and viennoiseries . pretty good place for the morning coffee and also a little bit of a tourist trap but just enough not to be annoyed by it as a local . nice  to stop in a hot day as youll be in the debt old port of montreal without having to venture much far on the outside section of it .
__label__pos super fromage et super   tout   . demander    service hors 
__label__pos great hookah great ambiance and great friendly service . we stopped here for a bit wine and hookah and ended up staying for hours and hours . the  was super  and the hookah choices were  . the prices vary but the quality is all topnotch . they  open until 3am and we  closing up the place . the decor is lovely as  equipped with a nice lounge  with huge  . cetait un bon temp
__label__pos  we had the prosciutto pizza here and it was  . our waiter was very friendly and attractive . the  for a mediumsized pizza was pretty good 1318 and we had  to eat . the  for wine were decent as well . this is a nice place to  for a gourmet pizza and get a lot of bang for your buck . also it is decorated very funky and cool which is fitting for the villagelatin quarter  of montreal .
__label__pos if youre looking for the quintessential fancypants nouveauparisian fare this is it . nnalthough the bread was not freshbaked there was a homemade cheeseflatbread that was good . the french onion soup defines the dish and the rest of the food i had was pretty  too . part of the menu is reasonable prixfixed fare too which is kind of nice when you have an expense report to fill out.nnnot only do they focus on french traditional cuisine but they mix nativeamerican foods and twists in as well . caribou  wild rabbit and deer and salmon round out a very  menu . i had the chocolatemousse cake for dessert and it was scrumptious.nngiven that i have kids and that the wife and them may show up here in montreal with me one of these days i took notice of the highchairs and kids menu . it is  pricey for kids with 13 kids meals . in fact there is  on the kids menu here i think mine will stick with the chicken fingers .  that the place can get noisy it has a high roof for aggregating sound it may be a good choice for kids .
__label__neg jy  allu00e9  que cest tru00e8s pru00e8s de chez moi.ncest la seule raison . et u00e7a restera la seule.nnprix un peu u00e9levu00e9 pour le niveau de la bouffe qui  juste basique.nnle fait  ce soit un apporte ton vin sauve ce restaurant .
__label__neg  for  meat  at  for    and pickle ... smoked meat has no taste . go to schwartz wait in line u will love your smoked  much more there ...
__label__pos vietnamese food of very  quality . strong  and generous portions of sprouts and greens . attentive hostesscook . not on the level of the  vietnamese empire in  virginia but to be thought of and mentioned in that context is compliment enough.nni am  as to why  101 does not mandate the translation of nhu y into french . mostly because i enjoy cafe starbucks coffee poulet frit kentucky lusine de spaghetti and bureau en  so damn much .
__label__pos lune  plus belle et complu00e8te saq  ru00e9seau .  u00e9tages  remplies et un  serviable et  .
__label__neg je suis une grande gourmande et amante de plusieurs restaurants italiens . de bons restaurants italiens . en vantant u00e0 un collu00e8gue de travail 2 de mes adresses adoru00e9es de la ptite italie ce dernier ma vivement recommendu00e9 dessayer le cafu00e9 epoca que je navais jamais osu00e9 tester . nchaque fois que je suis passu00e9e devant cet u00e9tablissement il u00e9tait vide ou complu00e8tement vide . je me suis obligu00e9e u00e0 visiter donc epoca par respect pour mon collu00e8gue italien qui me jure davoir une fine bouche fu00e9minine ... nen arrivant sur place les lieux u00e9taient  vides mis u00e0 part un homme dun   assis  pru00e8sdu bar . nous avons u00e9tu00e9 accueillis par une jeune femme u00e0 la voix tru00e8s douce et au sourire timide . sur les tu00e9lu00e9viseurs un match de hockey . ce type datmosphu00e8re nu00e9tait pas ma tasse de thu00e9 et je crois que mon collu00e8gue nu00e9tait pas au courantnla soupe minestrone u00e9tait froide la salade u00e9tait noyu00e9e de vinaigrette la pieuvre u00e9tait   poisson u00e9tait sec ... lhu00f4tesse u00e9tait charmante et voilu00e0 ce qui lui a valu une u00e9toile de plus car omg mon collu00e8gue devra travailler fort u00e0 me convaincre la prochaine fois quil voudra me recommander un endroit
__label__pos un   un  gu00e9nu00e9reux  dattes aux amendes savoureuses pour accompagner un excellent thu00e9 u00e0 la menthe . le coin berbu00e8re est  must
__label__pos dinner conversation with my friends over sushi at juni nn ... um ... n ... oh godn ...  . n ... holy ... n ... yes.nnafter each mouthful one of us would mutter singlesyllable sounds  announcements that the food was beyond awesome . normally montru00e9al is not the place to go for sushi were not near any fresh water and the city is hardly a  for top sushi chefs . but miraculously the sushi at juni is fresh delicious innovative and beautifully presented . nnsay things like uh huh to the hotate flan and yes please to the rice crispiestopped b52 and dancing unagi futomakitemaki . i said i can die now to the umino pannachu00e9 a panseared scallop dish served on saffron . nnwine list is  but try the unfiltered sake . its as good as it gets.nnwhen youre  crying tears of  tip the staff well they tend to earn it here .
__label__neg went with  friends and we shared quite a bit so i got to try most of the menu . the biggest problem across the  was the service . all our questions about the menu were answered with terrible one word answers so we ended up with many dishes that were nothing like we expected . best example ... when i asked what is the stuffed guinea fowl supreme the first answer i got was its like a chicken . my next question but what is it stuffed with and what does the supreme mean the response i  was simply dates . that was pretty much how all our conversations with the waitress went . but terrible service  the biggest disappointment was the food itself . nothing was necessarily bad but nothing was particularly good or memorable either . they also seem to love their foam machine a little too much . while making cucumber foam or pea foam is interesting the  element was used as more of a novelty than a compliment as it was  on half the dishes . the meal ended  . when asked whats the death by chocolate the waitress responded mousse . turned out it was chilled and closer to ice cream . overall i would have given the meal itself closer to a 3 maybe even 3.5 ... but such horrible service is inexcusable . they also did not open our wine until we asked and they placed the white in a bucket but with no ice unbelievable ... there are far too many good restaurants in montreal especially in this price range to waste your time here . nice ambiance  the interior designer gets 55 .
__label__pos even though i dont speak french i was able to  in their sunday afternoon class . i was recommended to this spot and later found out its attached to a vedante center . the vibe was  of like bahai center there was a cooking class and it smelt scrumptious a kids yoga class has just finished so there were people of all  . the instructor demonstrated to the class what she  us to do and  quietly explain finer points in english to me by the mat which was loaned to me and all the props i needed .  she interjected english into the class and was incredibly gentle.ntru00e8s benennaddendum on their schedule they list when they have bilingualenglish classes . i went back to their open class bilingual and left with my body purring like a well  cat
__label__pos dieu  ciel is my   pub in montreal . the  is amazing and there are always different choices of seasonal beers . the place has its own  noisy crowds and good service . if you need a   the quebec cheese and meet  .
__label__neg i was impressed with the  of goods but the service was like most  quebec lethargic and indifferent . very  due to me being english  .   this have  me that internet  in the usa is the way to go . too bad .
__label__pos  combo  dhote portions are very filling and  leave satisfied . nni ate the chicken leg and   combo and found them both to be packed with taste but a little on the dry side . my fellow diners reported the same impression.nnill definitely give them some more tries as i think this  has  potential and is reasonably priced with a pleasant atmosphere albeit a little bit cramped .
__label__neg good food but the waitress asked me for more tip after her bad servicennje  allee labas hier soir 10 oct avec trois autres amis la bouffe netait pas mal du tout sauf que jai trouve du cheveux dans mon entree a lescargot je ne voulais pas  la difficile alors je nai rien dit jetais serveuse avant ... nle service netait pas top du tout elle a pris la commande pour 2 de mes amis et est  sans demander ce que moi ou mon copain on voulait alors quon etait pret on a du lappeler de prendre notre commande avec chose qui devrait etre  ... nnbref la bouffe   mais service mediocre jai mis 5 de  et la serveuse me la pointe franchement pensaitelle quelle merite plus je nai rien ajoutu00e9
__label__pos good  .  drinks.mgreat  bru00fblu00e9e .
__label__neg je ne suis pas un habituu00e9 mais ils ont une qualitu00e9 de cafu00e9 et un  acceptable . honnu00eatement si cu00e9tait pas du fait que je sois pressu00e9 et malpris en cafu00e9 je nachu00e8terais  lu00e0 . mais ils ont des cartes de fidu00e8litu00e9 . le matin quand cest occupu00e9 et que tu veux achetu00e9 du cafu00e9 en vrac  skips la ligne oh yeah  tout le reste est cher il y a des cafu00e9 indu00e9pendant 100 fois  a montru00e9al qui cou00fbte  cher donc 2 u00e9toiles
__label__pos id recommend this fish store if you are buying a whole salmon to poachnhttpjitterycook.com20111129poachedsalmonsaladsandwichwithsaucevertennor for their amazing smoked salmon that ive featured many times at www.jitterycook.comnnthey do have the  smoked  imaginable . silky smooth . and you are offered a  as you wait your turn in  .
__label__pos lancien  est   cinu00e9ma comptant plusieurs salles . il  agru00e9able dy aller pour se remu00e9morer les grandes annu00e9es de hockey qui y ont eu lieu .
__label__neg truly the worst airport in canada . thankfully porter flies here . the security here is the slimiest surliest anywhere outside of third world dictatorships . no facilities to speak of past security and a  taxi mafia to shuttle you back and forth.nnone highlight at the bar   7 go to listen to the most   accent youve ever heard . truly  a stop .
__label__pos a little confusing at  to   but overall not too bad make sure to walk past the main food court to find a  more  . that being  it is  airport  a.k.a 9 dollar sandwhich
__label__neg so so so so so so  .       is usually spectacular and theres  extra care in putting together the rooms . not here . we booked two rooms with two queen beds each . we got only one room with two queen beds and one room with one king bed ... thanks nnthe ac cant be changed to your liking . our bathrooms came with two towels for four people . we were missing all of our soaps and shampoos . carpets are dirty . we were also given these basement rooms . wheelchair accessibility nope . no elevators they gave us a keurig machine for coffee but making yourself a cup costs two bucks a piece . wow.nnwe tried to ask the front desk how to get places but they had no idea . slow clapnnni guess the one star is for the free breakfast we received for all our trouble . yippee .
__label__neg i used to know a canadian who would brag that this place had the best ribs . so of  when i made a trip up there from the  i had to check it out . as soon as i walked in i noticed the pictures of all the celebrities mostly hockey players who visited over the years . so i thought to myself this place must be as  as advertised . nni ordered the whole hawg which is a  rack of ribs . all i can say is these are the worst ribs i have ever eaten . what the hell is that diarrhea they glazed the ribs with ill tell you what it was . it was a low quality soy or teriyaki sauce mixed with honey . the  thing was a dark and sticky mess that tasted like really bad chinese or  food served at a cafeteria . and if that wasnt bad enough the meat was greasy.nneverything is cooked on a gasfired rotisserie so i wouldnt really call this bbq . at  not the  standard for bbq . but if this is canadas idea of bbq they can keep it.nnthe poulet was only a little better than the ribs but not by much . with such lousy food i cant believe this place has been around for so long .
__label__pos fabulous eggs benedict and waffles . the french toast was kind of mediocre but we came here two days in a row because of the friendly service and willing to adjust items due to food allergies . both days i got the chicken eggs  the first day were the  and the next day i paid a little extra for the garden salad which was pretty average . husband got  first day which were  but the french toast he got the second day was   . tons of seating including outdoor i  love to come 
__label__pos jai du00e9jeunu00e9 lu00e0  matin et je suis davis que dukin donuts est vraiment meilleur que tim hortons . je ne comprend pas pourquoi toutes leurs succursales ont disparues dans les derniu00e8res annu00e9es . nnleur cafu00e9 est bon . il a le vrai gou00fbt du vrai cafu00e9 mu00eame les boissons u00e0 base despresso contrairement aux boissons du tim qui comme lontario nont aucune saveur seulement un dru00f4le darriu00e8re gou00fbt . les beignes sont meilleurs ils ne sont pas du00e9congelu00e9s les croissants sont meilleurs ils ne gou00fbtent pas le gu00e2teau  la vanille avec du sel et le chocolat chaud nest pas un sirop de sucre avec un arriu00e8re gou00fbt de cacao cheap les sandwiches sont aussi en portions beaucoup plus gu00e9nu00e9reuses que chez le compu00e9titeur.nnjexige un come back de dunkin donuts partout au quu00e9bec pour que je puisse enfin retrouver les pu00e2tisseries de mon enfance tim hortons ne mu00e9rite pas davoir le monopole du cafu00e9beigne bon marchu00e9 .
__label__neg   smokenthrill gasp  firennouvel no oldvel
__label__pos je   passu00e9e devant  restaurant avec la ferme intention de lessayer un jour . cest la dame qui fait du pain lavash u00e0 la main  la vitrine rue saintecatherine qui a attiru00e9e mon attention . je ne connais aucun  qui fait cela ici u00e0 montru00e9alnnvenue pour la saintvalentin avec lamour de ma vie cu00e9tait rempli de couples qui mangeaient paisiblement . lambiance est calme relaxante . la du00e9coration est simple beaucoup de tapis et dobjets de turquie sur les murs les nappes sont tru00e8s coloru00e9es . le service est lent mais les plats arrivent tous en mu00eame temps . on se sert et cest convivial.nnpour deux personnes  vous recommande dessayer les mezzu00e9s en entru00e9e plusieurs choix vu00e9gu00e9tariens et avec viandes accompagnu00e9s de pain lavash frais et les manti miniraviolis dans une sauce au yogourt et au beurre pimentu00e9 . terminez en beautu00e9 avec un cafu00e9 turc servi dans une superbe petite tasse avec des miniloukoums u00e0 leau de rose . nnparfait quand on a envie dexotisme et de changement et pas mal moins cher quun voyage
__label__neg the place for a  or post game meal when you see the habs . the ribs  to be better and i do not like the  to the express game day menu . on a  visit the ribs were dry . that being  the next time i am in  for a hockey game ill still   because its just what you do before a habs game .
__label__neg  service at this company is zero . they just dont care.nonline  zero as well . they always put  online that is not available at the store nor online and you have to   calling  and the warehouse to find out at the end that it is not in stock.nalso they dont respond to any of the emails that you send and when trying to call the head office you always get the voice mail.nunprofessional unacceptable and ridiculous
__label__pos a     owner .  was   . not a wide variety of pastas in fact the menu was verbally told to me by the  chef . overall a good experience .
__label__neg la biu00e8re est tru00e8s du00e9cevante pour le prix ex  pour une grosse biu00e8re a 7 qui  leau et qui donnais mal au coeur . quand je suis allu00e9e jai pris un fishnship a la biu00e8re pensant que ce  dans leur spu00e9cialitu00e9 de microbrasserie . je nai jamais manger un aussi mauvais poisson pannu00e9 ... il y avait a peine de poisson et trop de panure mal cuite .  plus les frites surgelu00e9s u00e9taient tru00e8s ordinaires je  pense pas y retourner
__label__neg we visited this establishment after a recommendation with a friend . in all honesty i would have rather gone home and cooked my own meal.nnwe arrived and waited roughly five minutes at the door to be seated . the hostess was very friendly and accommodating some of our party spoke english only some french . nnwe were seated next to the kitchen doors and our server came made some beer recommendations and took out drink orders . we were not asked if we wanted water no forks or knives napkins were given . nnafter about 15 minutes our drinks finally arrived only delivered by a different server . he  us our drinks and walked away . we had to call him back to place our food orders . the entire time we were ordering he was rude.he made rude comments under his breath when he misunderstood what someone was trying to order when asked to make an order without onions he replied very  that if its on the menu than thats what comes on it we do not make substitutions at all.nnwe are roughly a 25 minutes into our dinner experience now . no water no napkins no drink refills  . nnten minutes later the awful server returns with place mats  and knives . one of our party asks for a napkin as her drink was sticky and making a mess . he turns his mats over to show he has napkins rolls his eyes and scoffs.nnthe starter comes and it was cold . honestly i wasnt surprised.nnfinally our food arrives brought out by the kitchen staff not the waiter . 2 orders of fish and chips cold a texas burger with cold greasy onion rings on top and cold fries a california burger with ice cold friessoggy bun and a black slice of  . ni would have complained but surprise surprise our server was nowhere to be seen.nnwe finished eating and a different server came to collect our  offered us another drink desert and coffee . she was very friendly and if i could have tipped her and the hostess i would have . nni will never be returning to this establisment ever . i will tell anyone who asks about it to avoid it like the plague . i have had a better dining experience at burger king . nnin short terrible food and even worse service .
__label__neg  pas dambiance    coru00e9en du00e9coration u00e0 du00e9sirer et la nourriture bonne mais jai connu mieux . je ne pense  y retourner .
__label__pos    to    and   distance of crescent this republique is one of my favorite joints in the area . the service is always quick bilingual and polite . portions are plentiful wellpresented and reasonably priced . i like their beer tap selection as well particularly the leffe.nnrepublique cocktails tend to err on the sweet side which isnt my taste . but if you dig tropical andor girly drinks have one because they are delicious.nnif you have the white wine sangria you will like it but you will contribute significantly to the cafe republique profits.nnso give it a try and be prepared to return .
__label__neg im staying in this hotel for a  with my university . we were all put on the second floor . that was exciting until i realized that with the bar mitzvah and wedding reception directly downstairs i would hear the bass line of every single bad early 2000s pop song  through my floor . lo even as i speak hey ya is  out . the dj is singing along over the microphone . it is 11pm.nntwo of the   in this room do not work . with three people staying in the room you can see how this becomes a problem quickly . the  is free but spotty . the ac appears to be controllable via voodoo magic and prayers . it is quite  in here in midmay i shudder to think of what it must be  in actual summer.nnthe pool is nice at least as is the lobby . nice gift shop . walking distance from a lot of shops and restaurants . its a good choice if youre only planning on using it purely to crash in after you come in from the clubs really late at nightearly in the morning.nnmay update if experience changes but so far its been pretty dismal . if they try to put you on the second floor or even the third id bet tell them you hope their clothing shrinks in the wash .
__label__neg we had the worst dining experience at pacini cu00f4tedesneiges . first it took the waiter at least 10 minutes to come greet us while the restaurant was nearly empty . second not only did he not ask if we would like something to drink or if we had questions on the menu but he saw we were not ready to order and waited an other 10 minutes to come check up on us . when he came back we gave him our order which he proceeded to write down on a tiny piece of paper that he crumbled to put in his pocket afterwards . my friend ordered a caesar salad as an entru00e9e and the tortellini rosu00e9 as a main . i ordered the mushroom cream and a plate of linguine carbonara with extra shrimp . the server did not refill our water at any point during the night . he apparently forgot to bring us the drinks we had ordered since we had to ask him again when our appetizers arrived . he was not visible in the section he was working in and took a long time to take our plates away . when bringing our mains my friend got what he asked for but i was served a plate of penne primavera . at  the shrimp were there ... five minutes after he dropped the mains and without having touched our food he came back and we advised him he had brought the wrong meal . he proceeded to look all confused and doubtful asked me again what it was that i ordered and  my plate away . as a well mannered man my friend did not start eating before the waiter brought me the right meal . he only asked my friend if he could reheat his meal after bringing me the right one . my friend refused as it should have been done while the right meal for me was getting prepared and not once it would take and extra 10 minutes for us to start eating . the waiter apparently named jordan according to our bill did not check up on our satisfaction while we were eating . another 10 minutes after we were done he came to pick up the plates not asking me if i wanted another  but offering if i would like to take the leftovers to go which i accepted . probably the only thing he did right . a couple minutes later he came back to the table without refilling our water glasses or offering coffee or dessert . he then proceeded to ask us if it was one bill or two ... we didnt ask for the bill we would have probably ordered more drinks and desserts but he seemed eager to get us out although it was early in the evening ant the restaurant was dead . when bringing the bill he mentioned how he discounted 10 of the  of my meal due to his mistake which appeared on the bill as the student discount . i am a student and would have  taken advantage of that discount if he didnt subtract it himself . he brought the leftover food in a styrofoam container we had to ask for a bag . when bringing the bag he just handed it to us without  the container in himself . the service was obviously terrible . the caesar salad was great and so was the tortellini rosu00e9 . the mushroom cream was pretty bland and so was the linguine carbonara . as for the desserts i wouldnt know . the bread bar seemed to have been the only positive  about the experience but would i really go back and spend over 70 for great bread no .
__label__pos my friends and i came here for dinner . we were looking for an irish pub and ended up here . as we walked in we saw a group of guys in suits drinking from a gigantic tube of beer . the thing was easily ten feet tall and apparently held 22 liters of beer . the guys in suits had about a foot of beer left in the tube and they were all signing to the classic rock that was playing.n we sat by their great big open window enjoyed the  that would pass through and watched the people walking along the sidewalk as well as the cars that infrequently drove past . n the cute waitress came over and asked what we would like to drink i went with my usual cheap american beer . bud light . my friends ordered significantly more fancy beers . after  the menu a bit i was intrigued by cream cheese on a burger so i ordered the mclean burger . i also ordered a plate of poutine for the table . my friends then ordered significantly healthier items .  healthy im on vacation damnit . n cute waitress took our orders and delivered them to the kitchen and before too long our food was out . beers came out then the first food out was the poutine . cheese curds and gravy was  over french fries . decadently unhealthy . we all attacked the plate and shortly after our first few forkfulls of french fry cheese curd and gravy our meals  . not sure if a fork is the correct method to eat poutine but ... were stupid tourists.n the burger with cream cheese was great i secretly wondered where they got sliced cream cheese to put on the burger as it was less of a smear of the stuff but more a  cut slice . canada what will you surprise me with next i ate the  and burger on my plate and then attempted further damage to the plate of poutine and probably also to my arteries.nn the dinner was great . the total bill was 110ish the drunk guys in suits continued to poorly belt out the classics and the ambiance of the place was just great . whenever im next in this crazy burg ill  come back here .
__label__pos spu00e9cialitu00e9s grilladesnnbo 3 mu00f4nnbanh dapnbanh xeonbun suong
__label__neg dear irish embassy owners today i had the displeasure of eating at your   cited as the better irish pub in montreal . on the lunch special was a bolognese mac n cheese  bu00e9chamel sauce away from a pastitsio . but you had me at mac n cheese easily the greatest  food of all time . nnbut seriously guys how could you possibly fuck up a mac n cheese it was so horrid kraft dinner was fine dining compared this heaping lump of oily greasy pasta which i was served by the  and friendly sarah . 23 of the  and i stopped eating because theres was a puddle of oil in my dish . there was no bolognese sauce just minced meat on top of pasta ... and really mozzarella in mac n cheese  . and then i had to pay 24 for the dish cola and tip . nnyou guys have an awesome location and some cool staff but your  is lost in the mail .
__label__pos  for the      . a   .
__label__neg the service was great  for it being so packed . i was told they had the best happy  but was  than impressed . i also got the poutine which was okay ... not the  but not terrible . i didnt stay for long but it  like a fun place to  with a bunch of people for  drinks .
__label__neg    midi de  de   des collu00e8gues de travail . nnmagnan est une institution dans le sudouest . cest bon mais je trouve que les prix sont exagu00e9ru00e9s . le  il ny a pas de menu spu00e9cial u00e0 des prix raisonnables . donc pas moyen de sen sortir en bas  1516 dollars par personne sans alcool nncest vraiment dommage ...
__label__neg    la clientu00e8le   . ils ont 3 caisses par contre 95 du temps quand cest plein ils en ouvrent quune seule cest tru00e8s sale . cest  pire succursale de tim hortons que je connaisse sauvequipeut
__label__neg my  favourite place for coffee  mcgill university.nnthe  is  the  is messy and the floors are always  ... at night many homeless  gathers inside the coffee shop ...
__label__pos first thing i have to say about this restaurant is that i have had the best french onion soup i have ever had . having tasted many soups from  dining to fast food it is extremely difficult to use the right amount of spice without making this starter very  . they perfected this delicious soup and i would travel the 6 hours to  just to get my hands on this delight again . nnbut enough about the soup ... nthe staff was very  to receive us even though we were dressed in jeans and tshirts we were just trying to grab a bite of some fine french cuisine after a long day of site seeing . the restaurant was not crowded one bit and they were able to sit us immediately . their wine list was quite extensive though if i remember correctly there was not one bottle under 85. ni am always interested in dessert wines before a meal i know  a bit nontraditional so i had asked if they had any italian moscatos . the waitress was unfamiliar with this wine but pleasantly came back to us after checking with her manager and suggested a similar wine . though we rejected her selection it was a half glass for 17 we decided to try a dessert chardonay which ended up being close to what we were looking for anyways.nnfor my main course i chose their beef wellington . droooooolnsavory medium cooked beef completely breaded with an onion gravy ... it was exactly what i had hoped for after a long day of touristing . they serve their entrees with an assortment of cooked vegetables ranging from stuffed tomatos some kind of fried zucchini a breaded mash potato ball asparagus and a colorful pink edible flower to garnish . i was pleasantly suprised by the variety of vegetables that were all prepared so differently . you could tell their  really took the time to impress his audience . nni also wanted to point out one interesting little detail that i thought was fabulous . this is a fine dining retaurant which usually never appeals to children however there was a family sitting behind us with 2 kids and they revealed a special menu just for children . i didnt actually see what was on their menu but i felt that this was a  great idea so that moms and dads can enjoy their quality cuisine and still be able to feed the kids without the kicking and  . bravonni would recommend this place again and again .
__label__pos best to visit in augustnnsix flags is to california as la ronde is to montreal . so if you want to actually spend most of your  the rides get there before  . nnbest ridesnvampirenle monsterngoliathnnthe food is  and okay tasting but what do you expect . its a  park . you come for the  not the  .
__label__neg i didnt  it that  but it certainly wasnt good . its a shame this place doesnt live up because its a neatlooking  diner in a great location .  was typical  aloof  was not worth the time . do yourself a favor and go to cosmos down the street or anywhere  at all really .
__label__pos  the     in the ndgwestmount  . they have  pizzas but even their plain cheese is  .
__label__pos je me permettrais de rendre un  u00e0 cet idu00e9al de resto . soit franchement et de bonnes maniu00e8res . aucune thu00e8se sur labu00e9cu00e9daire u00e0 bien convenir aux clients hipster . on ny voit ni du00e9cor au  ni menu chichi . lambiance se cru00e9e selon lu00e9tiquette des convives . des collu00e8gues de travail pru00e8s du comptoir qui parlent un peu fort me convainc dune ambiance  . pad thai au poulet . les nouilles  riz sont cuits u00e0 point et ne collent pas entreelles . tru00e8s riche en sauce le tout me laisse satisfait .  .
__label__neg i would give this place negative stars but im not given that option . actually my preferred rating would be 1 bulldozer but that also is not an option so here we go . 1 very undeserved star.nnwe were in town visiting a friend down the street and 4 of us stopped by here for lunch on the way to the metro . there isnt much in the area and this placed advertised a proprietary copoli burger with some sort of optimism so we thought wed give it a try . after all who can screw up a burgernnthese guys . these guys can screw up a burger and they can screw it up with painstaking efficiency and utter contempt . i asked about the copoli sauce which the server said was just a mixture of ketchup mustard and mayonnaise or something like that . since im a nomayo kind of  i figured it wouldnt be too much to ask for just the standard ketchupmustard on the burger . to the server it seemed like a standard nohassle request . awesome . i couldnt wait for this seemingly giant tastylooking burger.nnwhat i received was a large burger almost spitefully slathered with mayonnaise . for some context here there was only one other table in the place and they already had their food . so the margin for error or confusion here is very narrow . the other burger recipient at the table received their standard burger with just a standard  of mayonnaise . so i flag the server who was super  during all of this and show her the burger . without even  at it she said there was no mayo on it but i didnt even have to lift up the bun to show her this mysterious white ooze coming out of it . she offers to take it back and bring me a new one . this is where things  downright offensive.nnthrough the corner of my eye i can see the cook who i am pretty sure is the owner and the father of our server take the burger back to the counter and throw the bun in the garbage . where is the rest of the burger i wonder . surely that would go in the garbage too . nope there he is scraping away the mayonnaise with none other than paper towel . he is clearly oblivious that with a small restaraunt what he is doing is visible to all the customers . maybe he does realize it and just doesnt care . either way i am  what i am expected to  is a new burger and again i didnt even have to take the bun off to ask what all the white stuff was still all over the bacon . he must have missed that with the paper towel . nnat this point i refuse any further burgers and i can tell the server is pretty embarassed . the cookownerfather at no point during all of this even attempts to make eye contact we are like 10 feet away or offers any glimpse of shame or even recognition of how messed up this is . i  the rest of my friends finish eating their pepperoni pizza which had been unexpectedly dusted in sesame seeds and i left hungry.nnim not one for gentrification but if someone bulldozed this place and put up a condo i wouldnt be sad .
__label__neg  la catu00e9gorie   de verdun . bon on sentend dunkin donuts nest en soi pas un gage de qualitu00e9 exceptionnelle mais parfois u00e7a peut du00e9panner . nndu00e8s le du00e9part cette succursale accueille souvent les mononcs de  vous savez ceux qui deviennent grossier du00e8s quune femme passe devant eux ... pas de la faute des proprios u00e9videmment si la succursale est fru00e9quentu00e9e par une faune pas particuliu00e8rement avenante . mais disons que u00e7a ne donne pas envie dy mettre les pieds . nnsinon leurs beignes ne sont pas tru00e8s bons . et souvent un peu secs . pour de meilleurs beignes je vous suggu00e8re encore de vous rendre quelques mu00e8tres plus loin u00e0 la pu00e2tisserie polonaise wawel . nnje ny suis allu00e9e quune seule fois pour leur cafu00e9 et grand mal men a pris . ils ne servent du00e9ju00e0 pas la fine fleur du cafu00e9 mais un matin ou00f9n1 je navais plus de cafu00e9 u00e0  maison n2 et que je ne pouvais pas me ru00e9soudre u00e0 boire linfect jus de chaussettes au boulot n3 et parce que sur le chemin entre mon domicile et le mu00e9tro cu00e9tait le seul et unique endroit ouvert tru00e8s tru00e8s tru00e8s tu00f4t le matin vers 6h30 nje me suis dit que u00e7a ne devait pas u00eatre siiiiiii pire apru00e8s tout . nnil ny avait quun seul client avant moi et jai attendu 10 minutes pour un mauvais cafu00e9 bru00fblu00e9 . lemployu00e9e semblait totalement rusher parce quil y avait 2 clients en mu00eame temps au comptoir . je naimerais pas voir leurs pu00e9riodes  pointe ... nnbref u00e0 u00e9viter
__label__pos ayant du00e9couvert la plongu00e9e en apnu00e9e lors de mes derniu00e8res vacances dans les carau00efbes je me suis rendu dans cette boutique rue sherbrooke afin damu00e9liorer certaines piu00e8ces de mon u00e9quipement . du00e8s mon arrivu00e9e jai u00e9tu00e9 accueilli par la tru00e8s sympathique ayumi  ma guidu00e9 et conseillu00e9 dans lachat dun nouveau masque de plongu00e9e . nnen plus de lu00e9quipement traditionnel lendroit offre une multitude de cours pour tous les niveaux tant pour lapnu00e9e que pour la plongu00e9e sousmarine . une large su00e9lection de wetsuit est offerte ici . jenlu00e8ve une u00e9toile car linventaire me semblait un peu  et certains pru00e9sentoirs me semblaient un peu vide . dailleurs  moment de ma visite la  se trouvait u00e0 court de sac de transport pour lu00e9quipement lautre raison de ma visite . peu importe en raison de lexcellent service que jai reu00e7u ici je compte revenir bientu00f4t .
__label__neg      on nous   minutes un steak froid et cru salade ordinaire ribs ordinaire un repas ordinaire alors que nous  attendions u00e0 mieux . on ne retournera vraiment pas . ya mieux ailleurs .
__label__neg the thing that i love the best about this place is the  . every time i go the waiters are so very  . just perfect.nnthe food is good ive had the butter chicken the chicken sandwich a big basic breakfast and a  of wings . all were good but not more than that . one disappointment was the  that are  with some of the indian dishes . they are clearly frozen vegetables that have been  .  subpar .
__label__pos     coco  le  resto du00e9jeuner . il faut essayer  choco  les assiettes sont gu00e9nu00e9reuses un peu bruyant mais bon . bon appu00e9tit
__label__pos probably the best mall in all of the surrounding montreal regions . this place is huge and has a  selection of places to shop at . furthermore for many quebecers this is a place where we can shop away from the cold winters . you find a place to park your car and you can shop for hours confined in this huge  mall.nnthis place is also conveniently location by the 440 and 15 highways.nnwhile this place has many things going for it ill state a few in particular that doesnt work as well nn this place is a victim of its own popularity . if you hate huge  on weekends or anytime during the holidays this place isnt for you unless you plan to come here early in the mornings . the foot  in this place is ridiculous . xmas time from midnovember till midjanuary insanity.nn parking needs to be improved . this place is huge and they have added more and more restos and the place gets more and more popular ... the parking however this is the  reason whether or not i opt to go visit this place or not . oh its 3 pm and i want to go  ... . let me check yelp if i can find another location nearby ... or come back tomorrow at 1011 am . no way im wasting 10 minutes to find a park my car or  at the end of the lot and  5 minutes in the winter cold.nn try to leave here at 5 pm on weekends i dare you . expect to wait 1520 minutes to get out of the parking lot ... if youre lucky . no thanks .
__label__pos la place u00e0 du00e9jeuner par  u00e0  . ancien pizza hut la nourriture que lon y sert est un vrai du00e9lice . je ne dirais pas que jai toujours aimu00e9 ce quon ma servis mais la majoritu00e9 du temps oui . cest probablement quune question de gou00fbt . les choix sont variu00e9s et vraiment pour tous les gou00fbts . les fruits sont frais ... ce qui est parfois un problu00e8me dans les endroits  du00e9jeuner . le service est relativement rapide les serveuses sont tru00e8s sympathiques . jaime le fait que quand on le demande elle peut nous laisser la carafe de cafu00e9 sur  table . nnles prix sont raisonnables quoi que un peu u00e9levu00e9 .  contre les portions sont tru00e8s grosses presque trop . il est toujours mieux dy aller tru00e8s de bonne heure car lendroit ce remplis tru00e8s vite et devient vite difficile davoir un  pour sassir .
__label__pos found this restaurant last minute through yelp . didnt  to have dinner at the hotel again and didnt find much else in the area . it is a bit  to get to but not as hard to get to as our hotel . nnthe food was very good . the  was very clean and the staff was friendly . it wasnt busy at all  for a saturday night . but they do  so you could probably  at the hotel and order out . nnim sure access to this area will improve since there is highway  going on right now .
__label__neg what a dumpnni ordered the chicken marsala pasta and what arrived at my table was completely unedable it at the same texture and taste as gravy on dehydrated pasta noodles the chicken was processed and  gross . nnso nasty my wife left her supper half eaten as well lemon chicken piccata again processed chicken coved in nasty dehydrated sauce . nnwhen the bill arrived and it was over 50 for 2 people i wanted to  someone . what a complete rip off their strategy seems to be fill these idiots up on low grade cheap white bread and  to god they are full and dont notice how terrible our low grade main courses are . nnplease avoid unless of course there is  wrong with your mouth or you have too much  in your  that you  to get rid of .
__label__neg cest  maintenant une soiru00e9e  une femme 2 enfants qui mangent un popcorn ru00e9gulier chaque 2 boites de friandises 4 boisson gazeuses ru00e9guliu00e8re et biensur 4 billets billet de cinu00e9ma cest 100. maintenant cest pas comme quand javais 12 ans et que javais une boite cathodique de 26 pouces qui avait une image a chier et une qualitu00e9 sonore encore plus u00e0 chier . lexpu00e9rience du cinu00e9ma u00e9tait excitante  pour le cou00fbt de 30 films jai un u00e9cran plat 50 pouces et un systeme de son u00e9quivalent au cinu00e9ma pour toujoursnle colisu00e9e u00e0 ce tempsci de lannu00e9e cest glissant et ils ont souvent un parking dangereux . donc u00e0 part le fait que pour moi ce nest pas un bon deal colisu00e9 kirkland ont des films qui commencent quand mu00eame tard ce qui est un plus quand on se du00e9cide tardivement pour aller voir un film nntruc pour u00e9conomiser acheter des passes combos au costco qui reviennent a environ 510 moins chere 22 pour 2 billets un popcorn regulier et 2 boissons gazeuse . le seul moyen de ne pas se sentir four ... .fourbu00e9 . cest aussi quasiment quunilingue anglais pas que u00e7a me fasse quelque chose parce que les v.f sont plutu00f4t chiante quand on comprend langlais mais sachant que cest quand mu00eame  bonne partie de la population qui parle franu00e7ais u00e7a serait bien davoir plus doption v.f pour ces derniers . nnla magie du cinu00e9ma est un peu morte pour moi parce que le ratio magieducinu00e9ma vs cou00fbt  vraiment large . qui blu00e2mu00e9
__label__neg went to sahib today after managing to avoid it for four years and i was not disappointed they confirmed my suspicions it was mediocre at best . it is a  indian joint a bit too   to  the food that you are eating . nni ordered the tandoori meat platter just to sample a bit of everything and my wife the thali .  was okay but nothing to write home about . the vegetables they served were the frozen kind ... yuck but that is standard indian restaurant fare so i cant complain . my fault for giving in and  this place . food service was sporadic waiter apologized several times for slow service from the kitchen .  said its not my fault . my plate was served in several parts as they forgot a portion of it . my wifes thali arrived 58 minutes after my plate . the nan bread arrived ten  after the meal . the last piece of chicken was brought to me after the nan . i guess rajiv was not in the building.nnoverall not for me ever again but certainly to please the pallet of the west islanders judging by the reviews . enjoy folks .
__label__pos      with   .  recommended .
__label__pos  exterior but with well  indianthemed  . heavy solid metal  are part of the distinctive character . extensive food  and the place has been  of patrons the   ive been there . recommend .
__label__pos   and     .  
__label__pos my husband and i stayed at this embassy suites for a business meeting held right here . its easy to access by getting off i17 driving east and very quickly turning down the first  on the south side of greenway . check in was easy and the lobby has a neat kivalike roofline and a tateful native american theme . finding the room was a little challenging . the building goes long and deep and then wraps around . the grounds are beautiful on the inside as its an older property . it is kept up pretty well complete with pool and a large fountain . the room numbering system is a  tricky . some other visitors helped direct methe signs were not clear to me . its a good hike to the back rooms where we stayed . but you can drive around and park near the back and access the rooms that way too . the rooms are accessed from outside door entry.nnthe room decorating seemed pretty fresh and  and the bed was very comfortable with goodquality sheets and cover . everything was clean and well kept . the facilities were modern with a flat screen tv in the suite part and in the bedroom i love that feature of having two rooms in embassy suites . the  room featured a small living room area telephoneinternetdesk area and a small fridge which worked fine with a huge counter space.nnthe best part was the breakfast which was generous and full of variety . and it featured a very friendly chef who was eager to please . youll find fresh ingredients for an omlette plus scrambled eggs bacon potatoes breads bagels danishes and muffins all the good carb stuff the butters and toppings for those good ol carbs and great juices and coffee too . theres fruits yogurts cereals and other goodies on the buffet . seating was generous with a number of areas from which to choose . i made sure i tried a good portion of that variety too first  breakfastwhich is  in embassy suite stays.nnthe meeting room is a good size with easy access from a few different doors . light and cheerfulcan  it a variety of ways.nni filled out a survey for this hotel like most hotels do these days . one difference the manager actually followed up with me personally by email to make sure he was on track with my comments i had mentioned that the meeting room sound had a  glitch on the sound av settings . that was impressive follow up and indicates a caring management . i liked that .
__label__pos just came back to grab another meal when i  myself with time to kill in the area . service was just as friendly and food was just as  . they did  me 1.50 extra this time to  a salad for the fries but its well  it when you combine the  of free wifi .
__label__neg i usually dont comment on servicennbut this place was unforgivable almost two hours before we got our appetizer and over three hours for the whole meal ... and we skipped dessert i  this is more a bar scene thing but seriously a  and some fries should not take over three hoursnnand on top of this the food sucks . we had gnocchi lightly fried and kobe beef burger.nnthe gnocchi was a disaster no sauce and cuz its fried it developped a crust which  is hard and tough not really a good texture for gnocchi . the kobe beef burger was ok not worth the premium of kobe and it came without ketchup took  half an hour and  three times before i got it . and the third time i asked she just went behind the counter picked it up and brought it straight to me the ketchup was  already just there to pick up and bring it and yet it took a so much wrangling to get something ... nni usually dont give out 1 or 2 stars cuz im not out to put businesses down but this place just rubbed me  .
__label__pos this place is a palacenni love the arena . the  of championship teams retired numbers and even the montreal expos retired numbers are awe inspiring . there is also a picture of a canadiens great above every section . i was lucky enough to be sitting in the jacques lemaire area go devils.nnthe game i came to see was vs the sabres and it was a 20 loss . i really wanted to experience a goal but it was a  game . i had gotten myself a   exdevil  and rooted for the home team.nnthe concourse was huge packed to the gills during intermissions . luckily the bathrooms were also huge and  . with enough places to go it moved quickly . the molson was good and the concessions were plentiful . the place is always  out from what i understand and it looked amazing.nnit was easily found from my hotel and a fairly short walk . just get your tickets early i  mine on stubhub and paid double which i heard wasnt too bad.nni can not wait to go back hopefully i can see a game vs the devils before brodeur retires .
__label__pos thanks karaoke q. i love the private rooms . there staff is very  and fast there  is awesome too . i   there  for one   you go karaoke 
__label__pos  this place .       ... ... cant  wrong with any of them .
__label__neg it was bad all around . we requested a two bed room at reservation time but got a one bed room when we  there even though they had that request on file.nnthen the next morning when i needed a meetingbusiness room first the receptionist said all rooms were under construction . when i insisted the receptionist had to  check with managernnthe manager comes out and says rooms are all taken not under  anymore but taken but she could give me another  room for half rate to use for a one hour  i declined and decided to use the lobby area for my business phone call mind you it was a phone interview with a morning radio show.nnshe was now suspicious that i was not a hotel guest and really came in attack mode to not allow me use the lobby area . it wasnt until i told her that first thing i will do after i get off the  is writing a horrible review for the hotel that she learned how to be polite and smilennmontreal is a beautiful city with great hotels . dont waste your time in this one .
__label__neg our journey to vintner wine market was born in a groupon email that we decided to go for . half off  and food ... who are we to turn that down . so of course we wait until the day it expires and head on over . nnthe place is pretty easy to find . its in the arboretum shopping center and parking is easy . basically its an exmusic store in a glorified  mall but the atmosphere is as good as it can be given the circumstances.nnthe food we can save you a lot of time on dont bother . its expensive and portions are small but not in the good fancy restaurant kind of way . the crab dip we got for an appetizer was a bit misleading unless you knew that crab  actually meant heated up mayonnaise . and the 10 honey chipotle wings i ordered were literally the smallest wings ive ever had . i could have held all 10 in the palm of one  . they were listed as free range chicken wings ... if thats the case ill take the  thanks . the flatbread pizza thingys were ok though but a small portion.nndrinks however are a different story . lots of beers on tap and bottled . a whole  of wine by the bottle plus a decent by the glass selection . we liked both red wines we got . thats really the moral of the story here go for the alcohol and skip the rest.nnwe give it  vintners out of 5 for our experience . although as a place just to go for  we would bump that up to 3 .
__label__neg  credit card   on my    of 2 after i visited their bar.nhad to call blackfin a few times they blamed on amex amex assured its on merchants sidennever got a call from general manger mr jeremy ash im still waiting on u to return my calls ... .nvery unhappy ncheck your   statements after u visit them
__label__neg heres a thought dont post on the door to your  up scale  food unless you can  it . this was not  it was barely passable as decent . didnt  that the waitress got both of our   . will not  .
__label__neg well apparently im not the first one to say this but this place has horrible food and service.nni contemplated leaving this review at that statement for a while but i guess ill be more concise . okay maybe going in around  afternoon for lunch on sunday at what appears to be an empty bar was a bad idea but theres not many options around this area unless you like fast food okay we  seated  expediently and then we waited and waited and waited for water for food for our check lets just say for everything . come on now the place is  it shouldnt be hard to check up on us  once in a whilennas for the food this place has no light or meatless options at all . so vegetarians and vegans beware i ended up ordering some grilled veggies whoever was behind the grill that day needs to chill out on the lighter fluid  they came out  like gasoline . there was also the issue of them cooling down significantly by the time they reached the table and i know its a bar but you can make food look tasty right these were kind of just thrown on the plate . poor veggiesnnthis was originally going to be two stars but you know what after ranting about it so much i realize it was much more of a one star  .
__label__neg  the reviews ... .   .  ... .   .  were good ... thats it.sorry why have a service like yelp if you dont heed to the  . i will next time . run away
__label__pos new owner keeps us coming back . was a customer about 7 years ago horrible service and uncaring owner . decided to try it again recently and found it under new ownership . we got to  the  by sitting at the sushi bar very nice man and wants happy  . he always remembers us when we come in once  few months happily greets us talks to us remembers what we like . his staff is attentive and speaks good english . sushi is by far the best sushi in town . sushi lunch special is average id like to see more variety on it . we have tried the hibachi found we like the value of the competition better they have  for 2 for under 40. you get a lot for your money at edo monona but its  pricey for hibachi in my opinion . badger roll is our  ... .delish they used to have a chance to win a free sushi lunch won it once ... wish theyd  it back or have a frequent customer club
__label__neg just not worth it . there are so many better restaurants in montreal.nnothing  well .  were told that no table available at reserved time even though there were several obviously  . we were offer seats at the bar . i suspect that we were  these as we were from out of town . the hostess thought that i could not understand french.nthe waiter ignored us for 15 minutes before taking our order . she delayed entering the order so our food was further delayed . the head chef who was working the line  in front of us apologized for the delay.nthen there is the  . read the other reviews  . heavy flavors that are totally unbalanced.n1star is awarded for the excellent wine list.ngo elsewhere .
__label__pos on our first date my boyfriend and i were talking about foie gras and about a restaurant in montreal that made foie gras poutine . i was like i know that place au pied du cochon and ive been dying to go to which he replied okay lets go.nnsix months later we were living together and took our first trip together to montreal . naturally au pied du cochon was on our dance cardnnnow the first time we went the service and food were all great . we had the foie gras croquemensis the poutine codfish fritters and the duck in a can . admittedly a heavy meal for the end of july but we enjoyed . the presentation was stupendous and i couldnt get over how much foie gras was on the poutine a nap  is mandatory.nnthe second time we went this past august the  was not so hot . our server wasnt able to explain the menu or specials very well . this skill is more like a necessity at apdc because of the nature of the menu items many of them contain organs and culinary preparations that are not common to all diners and also because of the language barrier . even the english menu has a lot of french on it . so it helps to have a server who is well versed in his culinary terminology and can dole out a few recommendations . sadly this guy could not . and i really felt bad for him . im a server too so i know that people have off  and sometimes things are just crazy and it can be hard to present things well when everything is going haywire around you . he did  well . nnbut all was not well in pigland this night ... nnthe food and the presentation of it left much to be desired this time around . the poutine was slopped on the plate with  of gravy all over the edge that no one had bothered to wipe and all the food appeared crowded or simply thrown on the plate . originally i had ordered the sweetbreads they had on special but they ran out as soon as my order was  so i opted for the liver which was cooked well and  . but things just werent up to the same standard as they were the first time we were there.nnim still giving then 4 stars for the wonderful  we had before . but taking off one star overall . i know that they can do better . apdc is an iconic place and we made our way there as a happy couple after some first date banter about foie gras . hopefully if we go back again i can add that extra star and make it a 5
__label__neg i am  this to comment on the delivery driver at this location . a driver was driving ridiculously erratic  i was driving home i live about 100 yards from this location a car began riding dangerously close to me in my review i noticed they had a pizza delivery sign on top for hungry howies . they were obviously on there  back to the  so not rushing a  to someone and they began swapping lanes and riding everyones tale there was  of traffic but it was moving at the speed limit . the driver passed me and made some very dangerous lane changes almost hitting and definitely angering many other drivers.ni did not try to keep up with the driver because of their dangerous speed and illegal maneuvers but since it is literally  my home i drove by the hungry howies and sure enough that persons car was there . nits just ridiculous for someone who is driving for a business and representing that business to  in that manner . for that reason i will not eat here .
__label__neg dont believe what you read about the famous phoenician sunday brunch . just another disappointment to the already overrated restaurant scene in or near the scottsdale area.ni had guests from out of town and decided to take them to the sunday brunch since ive heard so much hype about it from local reviewers . i myself have never been there but i thought this would be a good opportunity to check it out while entertaining guests . i mean its the prestigious phoenician so what could go wrong . nthe brunch is 45 per person so you can only imagine what a grand display they would have . i mean the wynn in las vegas charges around the same and they have an amazing and elegant display of cuisines . at the phoenician brunch the breakfast buffet portion of the brunch is just a hair better than the holiday inn complimentary breakfast which is free by the way . they had custom made omelettes cereal assorted pastries and standard breakfast fare    and fruit . but thats it . thats all the breakfast buffet offered.nthe lunch portion is a 3 course  affair . it consisted of an appetizer main course and dessert . the appetizers offered sounded good but were not prepared very well . the main courses were decent but not for the price you pay . the  come out in a tower for the entire table to  off of . they too were decent but not for the price you pay.nthe only thing that the phoenician lived up to its reputation is the service . it was exceptional and to the standard of the hotel . however i wasnt paying for service . i wanted to pay for a highend quality brunch . so if you just want to be treated like royalty and pay like royalty yet served less than royal food this is the place for you . as for me i can wait to hit up  again . more value for my money out there especially in these economic times .
__label__pos gorgeous   stuff but high prices .  bought a purse but  out . i went in  for an ipad case but didnt  the options . prices are less than nordstrom so you can get a decent  on some stuff .
__label__neg i wanted to love this restaurant from the  i  in . a sunday brunch with friends let me experience the ambiance delicious food  pastries thanks amelies and rocking bloody marys . from this description alone youd expect a 5 star rating but with this restaurant its the service which destroys it . it often times feels like youre playing russian roulette with a 4 bullets loaded . i just dont understand it.nnthe first time we went it was magical . the second time we went also with another couple the service began to show its wear and tear . all the other times were a toss up between amazing and atrocious with no indicators to give you advance warning.nnthe  straw for me came after a very difficult day in which my wife and i were hoping cafe monet could turn it around . from the first impression we could  the waitress would rather be having a root canal than take our order . this wasnt the first time wed encountered that look in cafe monte but with an almost empty  we went in early you think shed want to milk every ounce of tip she couldnnattitude dripped from her monologue and our lack of alcoholic drink orders brought a sigh to her lips . all i wanted nay ... craved was a chocolate croissant and an almond croissant warmed up . this was the text book definition of a simple order . ill give you a second to figure out what happened next.nnshe screwed it up . she gave me a chocolate croissant and then an almond chocolate croissant . she didnt care less about the screw up . after tasting the incorrect almond croissant i asked for the correct  to be brought out . she snagged the plate and then disappeared . actually most of the time she was disappeared which is an amazing feat for an empty restaurant.nnwhen the correct croissant finally came out it was cold . cmon ... . seriously i asked for it heated up and received barely lukewarm . suffice it say my tip reflected her total lack of caring . im done with this place . if i want french ill go to georges brasserie and if i want pastries then ill go to amelies .
__label__pos mon dieu i cant believe i havent reviewed cafu00e9 monte until nownncafu00e9 monte is a cute  french cafu00e9 in south park . i have been grabbing brunch  and dinner here now for  . for brunch i  love the  de mer omelette which beautifully combines my two favorite foods eggs and seafood  crab and smoked salmon oh my for 15 dollars you get a huge seafood packed omelette fresh fruit  pieces of delicious grainy bread and a sand dollar sized hash brown . i do order other things but the fruit de mer omelette never ceases to delight.nnthe tomato bisque is another favorite of mine . the french fries are also perfectly thin and crispy . they are almost too good to be true and no meal is perfect  one of their exquisitely crafted cappuccinos . one of the best i have hadnnits been too long since ive had dinner there so i leave you with my brunch recommendations until next time the duck confit pizza is really calling my name .
__label__neg very    .  has    .  will be looking for another goto southpark restaurant .
__label__pos great  . great  .  time.nnwe were there midmarch for a wine tasting . it was a little early into a thursday night but fun nonetheless . these guys have a nice little patio overlooking the strip.nni would recommend lavo for a warmup drink matched w a good cigar .
__label__pos i had a hankering for pasta and lavo hit the spot . after parking in the palazzo and trekking it to the venetian did i realize the lavo is in the palazzo . my suggestion is park in the palazzo and look for the signs showing guest  and you will run into lavo . they do accept reservations so call ahead especially on busy  . nnafter three weeks of  carbing pasta was the only thing on my mind . with a plethora of italian restaurants off the strip out of all the reviews lavo seemed to fit . i chose to sit out on the patio despite being 10pm it was still a cool 93f  . with edm playing in the background and the glimmering lights from the strip it gives lavo a very trendy feel . nnthey start you off with complimentary garlic bread wrapped in  to keep it  straight out of the oven warm . paired with a red dipping sauce it melted in my mouth . what was a portion intended for two people did not hold a chance once i began to devour the little bites of heaven . nnon to the entree . spaghetti carbonara had my name or should i say my stomach written all over it . the plate looks deceptively  but once you dig in to the mound of pasta you know you are gon na walk away satisfied with the portion . the spaghetti carbonara did not disappoint . it was rich in flavor and solid meal all around . its not the best i have had but considering the location and the ambiance lavo definitely deserves 5 stars . nni finished the meal with a white chocolate breading pudding . i wasnt expecting much when i ordered it but wow what a surprise . it wasnt overpowering or too sweet . it had all the warm elements of a bread pudding with a slight bitter but sweet white chocolate taste . i had had gone into carb heaven a almost went comatose . nnif you are looking for a trendy italian las vegas hot spot lavo will not disappoint .
__label__neg why do       nnmaybe theres some scientific study the michaels people commissioned where they found that the scent of christmas causes otherwise sane people to spend obscene amounts of money on those rubber stamps and scrapbooking scissors . i dont know but it freaks me out.nnit also makes me sorta hungry . but what it doesnt do is make me want to buy anything . nnand the woman in a cat haircovered black velour tracksuit blocking the yarn aisle aint helping things either .
__label__pos this was our  visit to   and all i can  is yum it was so good i went back for lunch the next day . the dining room is very pleasant and clean the  is great and the sandwiches are   . i love having this fairly close to our 
__label__neg not happy to write a negative  about this place . i was really excited to try it because its in a great location got great reviews and has   the reason i gave two stars  of one is because the waitress we had was really wonderful attentive and friendly . nsadly the sushi was very disappointing . i dont know if its because we were there in the  it was just a bad day for the chef or this is just how it always is . it was like they had to  a large amount of sauce chili sauce eel sauce  to compensate for the rolls not tasting very good . the sauces overpowered any other flavor and to me the sauces tasted ... for lack of a better term ... cheapy for example the chili sauce on one of our rolls tasted like ketchup . yuck . and let me tell you i was really trying to like this place.nalso so weird . we got sake bombs which were 5 awesome . sadly and weirdly the sake  like fried food i dont know if their sake sits close to their fryer or what but it was so gross . luckily you could almost cover the flavor by mixing it with beer but it was still hard to drink.nall in all i am sad to say i will not be going back . the best part was the service which was also probably because there werent many people there when we were .
__label__neg i have been to this restaurant a few times . every time we were there because we were looking for places to dance my workout  . every saturday night they have salsa bachata music for a few hours . we normally got there  at around  pm . right the customers had never been close to  each time . i always like to have red wine desert and snack.nthe crowd will not come till around midnight when they change the music to reggaeton then you will see hundreds of young people flood into the restaurant . there were not enough seats for everyone and there was no room to walk thro . people are drinking and dancing within the limited place . doubted if they just love that jostling feel.nnormally once i see the crowd we will start to leave . there are always police around the parking lot.non a saturday last month without  they called celebration of columbia night we went down in a whole family of four as we had children visiting . out of my surprise they charged 15. per person just to get in . no drink no  . it was my friend who did not want to upset the party he paid for it . what 60. to just get into the crowd with no seats . later he found some friends who gave us a few seats . honestly i was not happy at all.nthe floor is carpet . price of the drink is above average.nni talked with  of my friends everyone said 15. entrance is  . even i never have to pay i still consider not a place for me . i know they do charge for entrance check out before you go unless you do not mind .
__label__neg i was disappointed when i came here i came here because we wanted some  after a long night and somewhere close we were staying at the venetian and we also wanted something not too  as well nnwe came here and all their dishes were around 20 or so . nni got the vodka pasta which was ok. nothing  . nnthe boyfriend got the pizza which was way too  nni dont  id be returning to this  in the future .
__label__pos so many  things about this spot lets start with the quaint location . it isnt some huge chain italian restaurant . its a small spot with inside and outside seating of course the outside is still technically inside since its in the venetian . we were seated immediately and multiple servers greeted us and made sure we were taken care of . i ordered the special  ravioli with roasted tomato  and  buffalo  . incredible . my husband had the pesto gnocchialso  the garlic rolls that came out before our entrees were delicious . they were warm and cheesy and served with balsamic vinegar and oil . our meal start to  took no longer than 40 minutes . i was impressed by the service the  and the whole experience .
__label__pos brian was very  and easy to work with about getting my car  . he did an amazing job with extreme  to detail . he worked with my schedule and even walked me over to the light rail station so that i could  run some  while he worked on my car . he takes  pride in his work i have already recommended him to  and will  doing so
__label__pos seriously folks i just  a note in my inbox from the owner brad k. of organic cleaners apologizing for my first experience with them . which wasnt bad mind you the price just gave me a bad taste ni find that honorable and it shows that you truly care about your business and your customer base . im  having two items of clothing altered at organic cleaners as we  ive yet to find a   and i will definitely be  with some work shirts and pencil skirts . nkudos for providing a quality product and caring about your customers .
__label__neg yet again  disappointed in how us  handles their business .   poor customer service representatives and overall  of commitment to the patrons that frequent their business . yet more delays without a good reason behind them and with no plan in place to resolve said  . i would recommend paying a higher price for flights with their competitors as at  delta southwest and united are much  to work with .
__label__neg     ... the   .   for food.. poor service no idea what the specials were gross washrooms dirty and more.. even the name doesnt make sense.. would not bother going back . avoid if possible .
__label__pos this is the third italian place weve tried in the uptown area and after being big  of prestos this is our new favorite . everything about it was great . from the location and view of the streets of uptown to the fancy but casual as previously stated feel of the restaurant . ni had the vegetable baked ziti and it was delicious . my  chose the chicken marsala which was even better than the ziti . the prices were pretty reasonable as well . we will be returning . ndidnt have a  to check out the bar  or  themselves but it seemed  it would be a nice place to have a drink and enjoy some sinatra.nnon second visit the shrimp  was awesome as well . delicious shrimp with a little spice to the sauce.nnon third visit vegetable ziti and chicken marsala were still great .
__label__neg meat and   .    .   .  .
__label__pos    and was      and chutneys were spicy and delicious the service was excellent and it was a perfect meal from start to finish.ni had a spicy chicken biryani and my date chose channa masala vegan and we were both raving . finished up with a warm dessert that was like donut balls in a honey syrup.nneither of us live in charlotte but if we did wed be regulars . wonderful dining experience
__label__neg lookin for good food after a movie at  on a sunday night.nnthe  were meaty and tasty . bigger than  . i got an order of  and could only eat 10 with a side salad . got 2 flavors .  and garlic . both were good.nnservice at the bar was poor . had 2 servers and was very slow . i had to ask for refills and service.nndessert was terrible . i had  alamode . the ice cream was crystallized ice milk . horrible.nnwould not return
__label__neg      .    . bolognese spagetti sauce with no depth . portions large . no reason to go back .
__label__neg i went here the other night and the only positive part is that i left there not smelling like a cigarette . the drinks are entirely overpriced . hello 7.50 cranberry and absolute . correction splash of absolute . the  too were overpriced . and please allow me to  that if you are not a well dressed man male  seem to overlook you.nif you are looking for a  friendly place with outdoor seating i suggest  down the block to harris grill for better service and  drinks . nnoh and parking in this  is awful .
__label__neg this place is literally a block away from my brothers apartment . we decided to eat here because my  needed to catch a flight and we thought it would be quick it was not . when we got there it wasnt that busy and we were able to find a  . our waiter took his time coming and getting our drink order but was back quickly to get the rest of our order . then the waiting began . none of us ordered anything complicated it was all rolls and soup shouldnt be that hard to put together yet it took 15 minutes for the soup to  out . the bowl of soup was huge and did look good . also when the rest of our food came out another 5 minutes  it was good but we had hardly any time to eat it . the real problem was our waiter . he was not attentive and was out of order when  the food . we  drinks then soup then bread with oil then main course . when we did get our food it was good and a big portion . i hope villa  gets its  together id love to go back and get served .
__label__pos i seriously love coming into tsc . they make that other place  juice hang their  in shame . when i lived in colorado and there were no tscs in the area i always tried to replicate the blimey limey somehow at jj and they could never  it just right.nnthey also  incredible wraps and  and great meal deals so that you get a smoothie with it the  are great and everyone is very  and helpful .
__label__pos this place was very clean with   staff i took my puppy here for his first time ever getting groomed a couple months ago . i was so nervous especially because my dog is a pomeranian and they can be difficult to  . when i  to pick him up he was so happy and looked so adorable i couldnt have been happier with his cut i told them i didnt want him shaved so they trimmed up around his head  and belly and trimmed his body hair so it wasnt overwhelmingly long no shaving i was really satisfied . everyone who worked there was so nice too . they all said he was  on his first visit and wanted to  him as they said goodbye . i am already planning on taking him back for a second visit before the holidays
__label__neg just an  when i went back in to pick her up they did realize the over charged me and  me 10. the lady was nice but i still wouldnt use them again due to the length of time it took . its stressful enough for a dog to go through that let alone taking so long . clearly this is normal for them and im not ok with it . what is the point of having an appointment if you drop off your dog and they just get to it when they cannnin response to ownernnfirst of all yes a new client should be told it would take 34 hours but this wasnt the case or you never wouldve had my dog in the first place .  you should  your employees are properly following that process before you make the claim rather than  it wasnt told to a new client . it is obvious from my initial review that was never disclosed or i wouldnt have taken her there in the first place . secondly had i known my dog would sit in a kennel or cage or potentially held down as you so eloquently describe in step one you again never wouldve had a chance to  my dog.nnand  pay additional for express service let me clearly explain to you that her previous groomer of 6 years makes an appointment they take her in and groom her completely before starting another dog . she never sat in a cage or kennel she is accustomed to being groomed regularly . they do not  themselves with so many appointments that pets do not receive the proper attention they deserve and are getting paid to provide . so thank you for taking the time to respond but your response further solidifies my choice to never return .
__label__neg  roll is delish . padthai is  . tofu is inedible.nnone of the few places that delivers .  seems like the only thing   .
__label__neg this is a paradise for eaters of dead animals but not so much for vegetarians  the claim of  to table . i  consider myself an  yet found the menu took heavy on fried cheesy bready stuff .  service was s l o  and the mens room smelled like it hadnt been  in  days . when the store is located in las vegas it gets hot and you need good ventilationac . that wasnt the case here .
__label__pos chicken  is  pretty good this past  it had a little too much  and not   and sauce . i would   again ...
__label__neg ordered the south point cut and received what appeared to be a slice of  meat floating in blood . it tasted like   supermarket  and the texture was  and soft . after cutting away the fat which was 23 of the steak i was left with a small  of what barely passed for meat . essentially you are paying 10  over the 6.99 prime rib special youd get at 3 am for some mood lighting . i definitely do not recommend this place if youre not looking for a  steak .
__label__pos my first trip to the belk was enjoyable if a little confusing.ni went to see the touring  of fela and parked in the parking structure but it was  to determine which side of the  deck to choose in relation to the show and after a few  turns i ended up jogging heels in hand to  the show on time.nonce  i noted the gorgeous spacious balconies and mezzanine seats where attendees had room to dance bond and really enjoy the show . unfortunately my seats were on the main floor which is crowded and too  to really get involved with an interactive show  fela . nbut overall its a lovely theater and next time ill definitely be in the higher seats .
__label__neg terrible set up for  . for general admission concert tickets they have the floor  into two  and make the first people who arrive completely fill up  section before they open the second section . this punishes the people who stood in line early and arrived first by not letting them  up around the stage . consequently the people who didnt wait at all get the best seats in the house and the people who waited the longest get the worst . at the avett brothers concert i talked to a husband and wife who camped out since  to get close to the stage and ended up in the back because they were made to fill up the first half of the ga  .  planning .
__label__pos great  great  and great prices what  can a  want in family restaurant . i had their  egg  yung and my wife had the  mein  on their lunch special .
__label__neg bon . on nous a dit que lendroit u00e9tait adaptu00e9 pour les  groupes alors pour la fu00eate dune amie on se retrouve environ une vingtaine de personnes pour souper . finalement les siu00e8ges manquent un peu on doit su00e9parer le groupe sur les divans et les tables qui mu00eame en u00e9tant collu00e9es nu00e9taient pas u00e0 la mu00eame hauteur alors cu00e9tait un peu spu00e9cial . le staff est bien sympa shooters de bienvenu gratuits pour le groupe mais on a du attendre environ 1h15 pour recevoir nos assiettes ce que je  assez inacceptable . ce fut tout aussi long pour les factures u00e0 la fin . pour la bouffe je crois que tout le monde sentend pour dire quon a pas eu de ru00e9vu00e9lation gustative divine en mangeant mais cu00e9tait correct jai tru00e8s appru00e9ciu00e9 le  quils fassent aisu00e9ment des substitutions aussi jaime pas la guacamole on met du pico de gallo et bingo . le menu est atroce u00e0 lire surtout avec la faible luminositu00e9 de la place et faites attention la facture monte assez vite je suis plate hein je mexcuse jaurais voulu  un review plus positif mais jai sincu00e8rement trouvu00e9 u00e7a moyen..nndonc en gros je suis contente dy avoir u00e9tu00e9  fois mais si jai envie de mexicain ou si jai envie de boiremanger avec des amis dans la vie en gu00e9nu00e9ral el zaziummm  sera ni dans mon top 10 ni dans mon top 50 mettons..
__label__pos this place is a carnivores delightnni had previously been introduced to this place by coworkers while on a business trip to texas . i finally got a chance to introduce my wife to this place when we were in vegas a couple of months ago and she loved it nnthe servers run around with meat on a stick to  it plainly and you can have as much of it as you want . there are usually 1215 kinds of meats there  chicken lamb steak pork sausages you name it aside from that there is a full  salad bar with i  think 20 items and of course a full bar . nnunfortunately other brazilian steak houses in the bay area do not  to this one . i will most definitely eat here every chance i get
__label__pos amazing food the salad  was the best i have  have and the meat is unreal . the  is constantly bring food to your table . service was  our waitress  to have an attitude . i know its just one  but that is all i got . i gave it four  because the crazy  price .
__label__pos i wish they had texas de brazil in los angeles this is so far one of my favorite brazilian  restaurants n service phenomenaln meat perfectly cookedn salad bar it has a variety of  and  and you can  full just by eating from the salad bar . n dessert they have the best papaya cream evern  it is not cheap  it is worth it . id rather pay a little more and eat food with good quality than pay less and leave the restaurant unsatisfied .
__label__pos the salad  is   . for a   its  dollars and   penny
__label__neg  .  disappointed.nni was here three years  for my birthday and remember it being a lot better.nwe made a reservation online and were seated quickly ... it was our anniversary and like i said i hadnt been there in 3  and my guy had never been there.nnfirst off i know its minor but it is very dimly lit in there ... so factor that in with the noise factor and you can barely recognize what you are being offeredserved . we arrived during happy hour ... .that is only offered in the bar . cant really enjoy that with a child can we but our waitress who didnt offer her name nor had a name tag told us that she wouldnt mind if we went to the bar to get a drink.nnoh how gracious of you.nni saw that they had a coconut mandarin mojito that didnt sound very appetizing to me so i asked if there was a way to do a pineapple one . the waitress said that would be no problem . the 12 mojito should be left to the cuban cuisine at havana grill ... ... sorry brazil.nnwords cant describe the taste ... barely any pineapple i felt like it was over poured or mixed wrong ... .i guess thats what i get for asking for a custom drink.nnthe salad bar was probably the highlight . the little circles hardly mean anything to the servers . after we had decided that some of the meat was either salty or too tough we had flipped all  of the circles provided to red . however we were constantly interrupted by servers . at least 6 times.nnthe best meat that we had was the bacon wrapped chicken . it was moist flavorful and perfectly seasoned..and the lamb chop ... even though it was gameyer than any other lamb that i have ever had ... everything else was just kind of a miss . my guy stopped eating a lot earlier than i did he said that he was feeling funny ... .nnwell that funny feeling had hit both of us by the time we got home . we felt severely nauseated ... .i have never felt this way so quickly after eating food.nnneedless to say 120 before tip with 1 drink is way too much for us to pay to get sick .
__label__pos great food . attentive waiters . and they let us just  and  for 2 hours after we finished our  . didnt bother us  we   for a bill . great atmosphere too highly recommend the  .
__label__neg i really wanted to like this place . the cute cashier boy and the fun little  was a great start however the tacos were another story . i ordered the fish taco and the carna asada taco with   . my tortillas were falling apart from the  and from the large quantity of the meat cheese and cabbage . that was not too bad but the flavor or the tacos were just plain salty . so salty that i really couldnt enjoy the beef in my taco . i tried the fish taco and the fish was sick as in not well and ill. thats what i call fish when they have this fishy smell thats  the  fish smell . i  my fish trust me im asian okay and the fish in my taco was just not right . nngranted the tacos were cheap and the quantity was large however i rather pay more and eat a fish taco that is not sick .
__label__neg first  went  . nice    and clean . when we left their computer was broken so we couldnt get our cd . they agreed to mail it . it never came . called after some hassle and then after a few weeks of waiting gave up and finally picked up . guess the cd had come back to them or was lost our gender scan cd had the wrong music on it . not a huge deal but ... the songs had meaning as we recently had a death in the family . it gets better ... they got the gender wrong too . lol was right before christmas which sucked as people bought us stuff and had to return . this was supposed to be a gift for thanksgiving dinner night for the whole family to watch which was completely ruined as we didnt get the disc until the next day . shouldnt have taken weeks to get it . not cool . they were nice once i was actually able to talk to someone . they didnt call back the  time and didnt respond to the email i sent . we agreed to come back in for a rescan . rescan  ok. had a 30 minute wait even though we had an appointment but at that point half my family was there and wasnt going to leave . we scheduled the second scan that was promised for the screw up . showed up ... . and office was closed ... apparently they forgot didnt care our appt was for feb 21st at 1030 ... knocked no one there called in vain both locations hoping someone there could let us know what was going on . no answer . it was 1020 when we arrived . we waited thinking maybe they made a mistake and then left . sign on the door said closed until feb 22nd ... .22nd not the 21st ... no one answered their phones . called both locations and even sent an email . no one ever seems to answer their phones . especially cool because my husband and i had to take the morning off from work to be there . i get one even two minor mistakes but seriously wth this business is really horribly run . left yet another message asking to just get my money back . paid cash so things arent looking good . njust got a call form a young girl asking why i wasnt there for my appointment ... what i told them we were there and they werent . girl said ... oh oops i put the wrong date on the door . come back now ... 30 minutes after scheduled appt . no one was there at 1030 my party has all parted ways and are headed back to work so that would be a no ... this places sucks . they have completely ruined every attempt to make this a  treat for our family . told her i just wanted my money back and she pointblank said no . they dont give refunds . warn everyone that this place is a sham . young inexperienced girls doing gender checks and terrible scheduling and management . requested to speak to the manager but doubt they will call me . frustrating waste of time and money . was in tears by the end of it all . i just wanted to see the baby . so disappointed .
__label__neg not a fan of a theater that brings an usher into the theater at the request of an old lady hell bent on eliminating cell phone usage on  to monitor my cell phone usage . i have children and if i need to check emailtext  while in a theater get the f over it but you got played hater of things that dont revolve around you  bc i checked my  and laughed  time you got up missed the movie and glared at me . next time book your movie on the moon where cell reception is limited but how will you  the   regal but i dont have these problems at cinnebarr .
__label__pos my boyfriend and i came here for sunday brunch after finding out that the wait at lawrence would be 25 minutes they called an hour later saying a table was ready . an hour . nni had always heard good things about la cantine and was eager to try it out . there wasnt much of a wait however the staff seemed really disorganized  separate servers came to ask how many people we were and 3 different servers came to ask  for a drink order . nnthe food itself was good . it seemed like a mishmash of  food thrown together but its all good . we had the scrambled eggsstuffed croissant and the  benedict on toasted pistachio and nut bread unfortunately very burnt . both  were served with fruit a scoop of mashed potatoes a nice change from the  roasted potatoes and some leafy greens.nnthe tables are wellspaced apart and the music is at a tolerable level vs. lavenue where the tables are claustrophobically close and the music deafeningly loud . nnall in all a good experience its just frustrating to have to repeat the same thing to 3 different servers .
__label__pos the    you    .   are excellent . nothing fancy but clean and well organized . very reasonably priced .
__label__neg yesterday evening i came here for dinner and  with  . i enjoyed everything until  last night when i  to feel very sick . all night i had nausea and vomiting due to their tainted food and their quesadilla was the only thing i ate last night so i know that that had to be the cause . thanks to their food  ive been feeling miserably sick for almost the past 24 hours . i would not recommend eating here  whoever prepared my   fired and replaced with someone competent and sanitary .
__label__neg i was not  at all with  . the pizza was  and flavorless . the only spark of a  was the wheat   . it felt  but  was lacking any flavor .
__label__pos i love pei wei since its just a bit more affordable than pf changs.nnthis is the first  in the chain where i   tipping the servers . although i dont   a dollar when its due i find it hard to do when they dont do very  especially since its more of a counter  experience .
__label__neg   and average  .  two  and   . they brought 1 app 4 minutes later brought 1 dinner after another 3 minutes they brought the other dinner . when i asked the server when my other app was coming he said i dont know what he is doing back there . nso i asked the cooks whats up and they had not even started it . 5 minutes later it came and the manger didnt say a word when dropping it off.nfood was  .
__label__neg working off schedules at the hospital this month does have its benefits . this morning i saw my favorite girl and smart shopper daphne monroe on the news telling me about the deal of the day ... burger fries and milkshake from johnny rockets for only 3.99. my partner has always refuses to eat there and he was working so why not try it my smart shopper card and i were on a mission.nni live close to one of the four participating locations and got there at 1130am . i expected a line of smart  to be waiting in line for the deal and was surprised when there were only about 7 tables taken and 12 customers . that should have been the first sign to run.nni quickly ordered the deal of the day with a chocolate shake and a diet coke . the waitress took my order and quickly returned with my soda and some nickels for the jukebox . cool . then i waited . and waited . and waited ... ..nnafter about 40 minutes and three diet cokes i overheard a conversation between the manager and my waitress . mind you the place is open which means the grill is in view the shake maker etc . i wasnt even near the center and was able to hear . my waitress told the manager that one of her customers wanted a soda instead of a shake . the manager told her too bad the deal comes with a shake so they needed to pay for the soda . were they talking about me i always expected to pay for my soda since it was an extra item . mind you i  didnt get my shake but the manager who was making the shakes was very concentrated on making shakes . i mean 5 minutes to make per shake concentrating . thats all he did was make shakes rather slooowly . i saw maybe 6 made in a 40 minute window . nna few minutes later my food arrived . i reminded the waitress i ordered a chocolate shake to which she said ok and walked away . she scooted to her manager and said problem solved he wants a chocolate shake to which the manager replied too bad . i was really hoping he had a dry sarcastic personality like me.nnso on to the food . the burger was delicious . it had a little too much mayo but i guess thats why they wrap it in paper . the bun was rather large and a little cold like it just came out of the fridge but it was good . the pickles were thick the burger had a few crispy overcooked spots but flavorful . for some reason i expected a tiny patty but it was a good size . it was worth buying . the fries on the other hand cold . i like salt on my fries so nothing irks me more than getting cold unsalted fries . yuck.nnafter eating extra leisurely in hopes of eventually getting my milkshake it never came . i waited about 10 minutes after i ate and got my check but no shake . at least i didnt have to argue about the bill since i was charged only 3.99 for the deal of the day . i gave the waitress a 20. bill and got back 5. and change . what after i walked over to my waitress and explained i only got 5 she apologized and gave me back 10. as this occurred the  manager making milkshakes gave a dirty glare and snicker to the waitress and i. i got the hell out of there as quick as i could.nnwould i return no . i  be willing to pay 2.99 for a burger a la  if they offered it . instead you have to order a burger and allyoucan eat fries for 5.99. i asked if someone can get the burger alone to go or to eat in and was told no . a soda  2.50 and a shake 4.29 definitely not worth the price . everything was slow motion like my time machine back to the 1950s broke and i was stuck in slow motion . it took almost an hour to get a burger and fries . im sure it would have been an hour and a half if i ever got the milkshake . the service was  but when you look at the manager its no wonder . these poor miserable kids are a slave to the 1950s with a manager who is rude and disrespectful not only to the staff but also to the customers . i would also have a hard time enjoying my job and going to work under those conditions . i know these restaurants are franchised so hopefully the manager was not the owner . either way good luck trying to stay in business with him schlepping around .
__label__pos i had dinner here on wednesday 12214 with a corporate work group of 2530 and enjoyed our evening so much that i had to write up a review i initially worked with an mod named udo who was super helpful when i swung in the evening before to ask if he could accommodate our group on such short  . fortunately enough he was familiar with the company i was with and gladly showed us the tables that they normally give us when a large group dines together . the tables were all separated but were next to each other which ended up being ideal when we all got to know each other in smaller groups . nnhaving worked in the industry for many years throughout college i cant express how blessed we were to have received chelsea as our  . being the only individual in the group from arizona it was important to me that i show my new team the better spots around town and chelsea totally owned the entire evening . she was friendly and had excellent menu knowledge for both food and drink and impressed the biggest of beers snobs in our group with the four peaks  great recommendation during the evening chelsea was always around to check on us even though we werent her only tables and i was most impressed at how quickly she had all of our  checks ready when the evening came to an end corporate request for individual expense reports ... annoying i  . chelsea made our evening flawless and my teammates absolutely loved the dinner selection having been so impressed we all agreed that we would be back in a few months and yardhouse was where we will return having dined at another restaurant the evening before it was a total 180degree difference in the service and gratitude from the competing restaurant . im sure this location stays incredibly busy at the base of the stadiums but chelsea singlehandedly made 25 repeat customers that were eager to share their experiences the next day in our jobtraining nnid be remised if i didnt also mention the mod the evening we  in . im spacing on his name but he was a young brunette guy who checked on us repeatedly and ensured our evening went as perfectly as possible thanks to both of these individuals and if this makes it to corporate i hope some compensation is sent their way  you
__label__pos  thai  be my  spot.nnim a sucker for good spicy thai and i have been searching around madison for my favorite spot.nni have had bahn  halong bay lao laanxang sabai thong and vientiane and i have to say this may be the best bang for your buck as well as the most flavorful.nnthe curry puffs are as good as i have ever had and you get 4 humungous puffs for 2.95. if you like spicy go with the green curry probably one of the best curries i have ever had.nnoverall this place is worth the short 510 minute drive from campus for how inexpensive it is . most dishes run between 78 dollars with a few above 9. all the appetizers are between 24 and you get a significant portion . you could easily come here with 4 people and spend 8 dollars each for a large amount of food . i look forward to returning
__label__pos i  whole foods is    ive always been a sucker for large spaces filled with endless rows of yummy food since they have now opened the sunset overpass coming to   has never been easier . nni am a huge fan of coming here for lunch . they  have something that i want to eat and a couple visits ago i noticed they have a pho bar . i have yet to try it though but i thought it was a cool concept especially when it was rainy and cold outside . nnthe only con about this place is that it is a lil pricey ... .dont be shocked when you come out of there with a 50 dollar plus receipt . it is definitely worth it though
__label__pos big ups to kathryn at the juice bar for her patience helpfulness and terrific attitude we asked for a   that turned out to be  more than beverage . kathryn was kind  to  the order into be best juice ever . big thanks for the awesome customer service . nnmonkey love the prepared foods section and  produce available at any given time . great oasis in the land of  buffets .
__label__neg stopped by this kk as i was passing by to see what the new stores would be like and once again i was very disappointed . im a huige  of the hot moist glazed donut but it was no where to be found the donuts they had  like dayold donuts . forget the coffee in krispy kreme as it tastes like gas station coffee . very dry anhd bland . im a huge dunkin coffee addict as you can tell but krispy kreme has really gone downhill and these stores that are reopening i  think will last long since  who  to one all says the same thing donuts are not what they  to be
__label__neg  food is just like the food at any other hot dog stand apart from the megasizes the  names and the endorsements from celebrities that have visited the place . these  are sleeping in their  . everything  like outofthecan not fresh or homemade . its a  hotdog stand overhyped by the media . fame with no  .
__label__neg service is just bad . very disorganized place . nnwent in with a medium group of friends on a friday around 5pm . ordered drinks and  ... . food arrived before the drinks . like 5 minutes before . reallynnfood is average corporate crap . edible . but not good by any  . had onion rings  shrooms and a burger . all was plainjane uninspiring and bland . despite the waitress saying how amazing the burger we ordered would be . hardly ... . nnservice was  . my girlfriend had to get up several times to go inside and make requests for things the server forgot . like the straw she asked for twice . when asking for our tab the server returned with others not ours . then came out with a huge  of receipts and had to go thru them all to find our tab and a few others . just a  managed place . no  seems to really know what they are doing . and the food definitely isnt worth having that kind of patience . nni wont be back to this location . in fact i prefer to patronize smaller non corporate bars and restaurants . i only went for the company of good friends . and that would be the only reason id return to bww ... . ever .
__label__pos es muy bueno . preparan las tortillas al momento . los sabores estan bien . la decoracion del  es  americana  pinturas de su00edmbolos de la   . lo u00fanico que no me gusto fueron las moscas volando  lo demas bien.nnit is very good .  the tortillas on the  . the flavors are good . the decor of the place is very american with pictures of symbols of mexican culture . the only thing i did not like the flies were flying but the rest well .
__label__neg food was  not  how ever the crab cake was  the  i have ever had . the service was  worse . the   unfriendly and rushed everything . the restaurant was only a  full . now i know why .
__label__pos awesome  and cheap  very  and very lowkey but  the best  food around.nnviva la 
__label__neg heard   about taqueria guadalajara and expectations were high . the  and such are quitey basic but you know that going in . staff were  and service wasnt slow unlike other reviewers experiences . unfortunately the food was mediocre my   the words uninspired and somewhat bland . he had sopes and i had tacos . prices were quite  but i wont be  .
__label__neg we used to consider going to pan asia as a  one of our go to places . we loved the fact that they had a special menu on saturday night that allowed the two of us to eat at least 2 rolls and an order of crab puffs for 20. its almost like once they deep 6d that the rest of the experience went downhill with it . but it was still good enough so we were still going . nnuntil last week . we were there about 10 minutes after they opened on friday and i had to use the restroom . it stunk like garbage and rotting fish in the bathroom which coincidentally had had a garbage can propping it open to air it out . nnwe ordered 3 small salads 2 rolls one was cooked and 1  of chicken potstickers . when our water arrived two out of our three glasses had dead gnats floating in them . when we told the server she made no  just looked at the glasses as she walked off and returned with two new glasses . only difference was these had lemon in them and our original waters did not . the  potstickers  a good  minutes before our rolls did and the server didnt apologize for the  or let us know when the rolls were almost done . by this point i was almost afraid of what would happen once i did eat my sushi roll but i did and it was tasty yet i was still disgusted . 50 for that horrible  . unfortunately we had a friend with us who was in town for a visit and we were embarrassed that we had told her how much we loved this place . add pan asia to the never again list
__label__neg  nnmy sesame chicken  not  the  tasting nothing like  . tasteless fried  with a semi sweet flavorless sauce . the fried rice was tasteless and stale . the table next to us ordered a dish that was pan seared at the table the aroma if chili pepper was so strong it left us coughing and unable to breathe for the rest of our meal . nni would have had better chinese at panda express and it would have cost less too .
__label__pos i have only been here on new years eve . the bar and owner are  amazing the energy and friendliness you will find in this bar makes you feel like you are hanging out with your best friends in their super cool  . the drink prices are lower than what you would find in neighboring  . if you are  for a  back time with great friends then check out this  . if its not youre style you can   to the many other places the southside of pittsburgh as to offer .
__label__pos  tasty crepes  and   were  and  was  and 
__label__pos this  joes is wonderfully placed in the metropolitan shopping center right outside of elizabeth and myers park . love the location . nni love that this locating always has tons of fresh herbs outside . you can always find some good basil or small mint plants outside . ive bout a few of these before and they plant really well . although  luck finding ideal soil if you live around uptown . nnthis location seems a bit larger than some of the others around charlotte . they have all of the regular  but they definitely have the largest selection of flowers on the left upon entering . you cant  them . ive bought flowers from here  times and they always have beautiful calla lilies and sunflowers . nnthe worst part about this  is the parking . everyone knows it . its always  . everyone is a terrible driver . get ready to park on the 2nd 3rd 4th 5th floor or not at all . youll be driving around for quite some time before youre satisfied and happy with your first floor parking space .
__label__pos kevin is very  and wants you to understand what is going on . he demonstrates that he  what he does and has a good  . my compressor died and  the inside  was also falling apart we decided to replace all but the furnace . he  a little bit longer than he said but this is to be expected  . the price was great . he also gave me some good information for the  . i would use in phase again .
__label__pos you wont be disappointed . no high  sales  no contracts just good honest chiropractic  . always friendly quick to  and very affordable . i just cant  enough  things about dr.  and her  .
__label__pos stayed at my cousins in vegas and was starving for breakfast . my cousins said waffles i said sure not knowing that you could do all this fun stuff with waffles . nnwe walk in and you pick your waffle flavor and waffle toppings they had waffle creations like pizza sandwiches who knewna m a z i n gni got the 5.49 breakfast special waffle coffee sausage and eggs chocolate  with whipped cream powdered sugar nutella and white chocolate i didnt want to eat the waffle cuz it was nicely presented . but when i took my first bite it melted in my mouth it was too late i had already fallen in  . i ate half and i was already  then i looked at my sausage and  im   how am i going to do this luckily my husband and cousins helped eat that so i could focus on the waffle o0ooo in between the coffee i had some cucumber water ... delishnndef goin back when im back in vegas
__label__pos went straight from work to check out mekong plaza last night after chatting with coworker jj about the good deals she found there . she was able to find her fave brand of rice grapes garlic and other items . she was lamenting that she only had twenty minutes to look around she therefore allowed herself to buy those items she knew cost less here than at lee lee . after shed listed off what she had paid 53 for i told her she should count her blessings that she only had those few minutes to shop i asked her if she preferred it over lee lee and while she liked the newness of the place and the lower costs of some items she didnt like how items in the produce section were plasticwrapped she liked being able to handpick her veggies and fruits . another coworker had mentioned the plazas opening to me days prior and had piqued my interest the moment she uttered the words there are five restaurants ... i was getting hungry while jj and i chatted so there was no question where i was heading to after clocking out.nnas i pulled into the almost empty parking  at around 820p i noticed that the entrance doors were flagged by two restaurants one called mylynn cafe that was still open for business and the other looked like a coffee shop that was already closed for the day . i grabbed a menu from mylynn beverages that included fountain coffee and smoothies 5 or less and a page of chefs specials of about 8 or so items soups mostly 510 intending to stop here after my pit stop at the grocery.nnthis building is huge i saw white everywhere i looked floors statues and walls . most lots indoor shops were still unoccupied and i was beginning to think i may never find the grocery store as all i could see where closed shops dentistry jewelry store a movie rental shop etc and more restaurants . when coworkers mentioned there were a few eateries in place i expected to encounter a layout similar to that of whole foods ray101 so this building really threw me for a loop walking around mp actually felt like i was perusing through one of the minimalls back home philippines . thinking it over just now i also remember malls in nj that had similar layouts . but i digress ... i spotted two opening soon foodcourt type sections for  and  food before turning the corner and finding two more vietnamese restaurants vietnamese restaurant and unphogettable . these venues stood  across from the grocery store . finally i reached my destination before investigating the grocery i entered unphogettable and skimmed through their extensive menu and saw the entree prices ranged from around 8 to 20 or more . i asked a person who seemed like the manager what time they closed . he replied usually 8p but if its busy then they would close at 830p . i told him that if they were still open i would return shortly.nna quick glance around mp revealed large seafood meats and refrigerated sections not counting those refrigerated aisles that wrapped around the back of the store . indeed these three  occupied a third of the grocery . dont quote me on this but i think that the produce department was also a part of that section but i wasnt looking for fruits or veggies that night . i was on the hunt for the filipino aisle specifically for brands of peanut butter other than lilys which is the only brand to be found at lee lee . unfortunately i only found the one brand which is 0.20 less here . i did however find preservativefree jackfruit and macapuno coconut sport strings two delicious components of a nectarous icy snackbeverage called halohalo . nnto keep this review from tiring the both of us i will wrap it up by saying that i will definitely be back to have another longer look around the aisles which did not seem as countryspecific as lee lees . it does  highly with me already bec . i found those last two items . what else would i find im brimming with anticipation nnbtw since the pho place was already closed by 840p i decided to try the one next door which had a vietnamese  and ended with vietnamese restaurant . review will be posted shortly .
__label__pos talk to any taiwanese person and you  up talking about food any asian person really asian people love to talk and to eat . . . is there anything betternncame here again with my son and as i salivated over the menu i couldnt  to come here over a period of several wks to try the various dishes so in one seating i orderednnoyster omelettendeep friend chitterlings taiwan stylenchitterlings noodle soupnstir friend rice noodles  stylentaro smoothie w boboanand a mango smoothie nni wish i could write that i ordered all this food cause my son is a big eater . . . but alas hes four . . . but  me and my stomach really enjoyed all this food . . . everything was very tasty.nndont worry of  there were left overs which i took home for another meal . . . well im not sure if the  lasted until the next day . . . i might have had them for a snack . . . tasty tasty
__label__pos lovely garden spectacular  great art  special events live music and good food makes this a beautiful place that needs to be visited and experienced  times . dont forget your  to capture the beautiful vistas and garden . check the websites calendar for upcoming events and  . the entrance  is  but parking is not . i dont  when is a good time to visit since its always busy but worth the wait at the tram .
__label__pos    .  .   is   fast and friendly . i love that it is open after midnight shocking here in charlotte where the concept of late night food seems to be lost on the restaurants . i love love love the enchiladas . overall id recommend dining here very highly . gets minus one star only because ive had a few very mediocre takeout experiencesi.e . cold food wrong order small portions but no one is perfect .
__label__neg i dont  why there is  a  . the whole wheat pizza crust was  and tasteless . the gluten  pizza  dont even bother to order it . the only bright  was my sons grilled chicken sandwich . we wont be  back any time soon .
__label__neg i cant believe how  this place has fell when gary the chef left . my wife and i the number 1 and 2 of top check in here . my  experience the chef hurried and gave no  and way over cooked my  that was suppose to rare . it came out medium well . i was very pissed that i spend so much money here they would basically  in my face with the  . then tonight we  seated and  10 mins then my wife had to get up and track someone down to get a drink order . after that the bar tender came to tell us its going to be a long wait cause there is only 2 chefs . what happened ahso very disappointed you use to be 4 stars now i struggle to give you 1 star . get it together
__label__pos love this place .  down its one of the best coffee shops in vegas . the soy latte is very very good . summer specialties are great try the iced vanilla fog latte . the place has free wi fi and has a   during weekends . i often go on sundays just to unwind while reading a good magazinebook.nnedit after more than 4 years and lots of coffee i still  sunrise coffee is the best coffee shop in all of east lv . i  buy whole bean bags from the inhouse roaster the mothership . the expresso blend is quite  and a great option for getting the freshest roasted coffee in the city besides colorado river  roasters located in boulder city which  23 days to deliver by mail .
__label__pos i  ya    dawwwwh   it a sideways 
__label__pos love it . johnny chu has a fantastic little spot here in cenpho . the food was fantastic reasonably priced for small plates and the sake selection is the best in town . youll spend a pretty penny on the best sake but its well worth it to  with some terrific eats.nnget the yakitori shrimp with head on . eat the heads the shells everything . food does not get any better than this . these delicious skewers are sweet and crunchy and you have to eat everything to get the full delicious flavor . cant eat the head what are you doing in an asian restaurant eat some tofu then johnny has some great vegetarian options too.nnmidway through our meal our server terrific service offered some  lychee shochu shots . thank you they were fabulousnnanother favorite was the soup dumplings . these were so  i  another serving right away but itll have to wait for next time.nni think we ate about 10 plates here and every one of them was different delicious and top notch in presentation flavor and construction . nnthe final desert were two  jam filled fried  ...  definitely not an empenada but so delicious hot and sweet that they were the perfect end to a terrific meal . nnthanks johnny your place is a now favorite . i cant wait to go back
__label__pos         red curry tofu with rice.nnall of it awesome.nnactually it was a love affair . we were sweating .
__label__neg a new menu  the steak onion panini with  . pretty good but a little overcooked . however they found a zillion ways to mess up my kids meal . i asked for a salad instead of the yogurt seemed simple enough of a request . they made a huge salad enough that i said is that what goes with the kids meal to  the yogurt or fruit got to the counter paid and noticed that they charged me for a regular salad then for a kid drink which used to be included then for a kids meal . got the manager explained the failure to  and he refunded the salad price . my daughter jokingly said as  as they didnt forget my cookie . see she wasnt concerned about the vegetable to carb ratio or the dairy problem . then the lady behind the counter slips me a cookie all clandestinelike . we sit down and i unpack the bag to discover they gave us a whole sandwich instead of the 12 for a kids meal no biggie but a waste and not what the menu said then they gave us fruit and yogurt . she had slipped us the cookie because apparently she realized they had the   wrong . for kids that cant have dairy a salad or fruit substitute shouldnt be rocket science . everything else was classic paradise and the manager made it right but it was a hassle a waste of time and food .
__label__pos torta  and ribeye tacos were fantastic . i then really outdid myself with a limon aqua fresca and  with a  of caramel ice  . was very clean and staff was very friendly.nnwill  be  .
__label__pos   is   other  at this place  it fast  
__label__pos good beer price . pretty good sushi and alot  service then the  in huntersville . the  is pretty good and the   are good . its a decent place to  a  bite to  .
__label__pos spring roll wrapper is very soft and moist the texture is perfect . the appetizer pork   is so delicious  recommended . the chandler  plate is  and  is generous . the price is  cheap . too bad i dont live chandler . id come here for 3 meals a  .
__label__neg this place seems pretty popular but im not feeling it . if you really have a craving for local food then maybe you might go here but really the food is kind of lousy . big portions but no good flavor . my katsu was kind of soggy  salad is weak and tasted of garlic powder manapua is  the  you get in the frozen  section at 99 ranch kalbi is average grilled  is ok but the teri sauce is cloying sweet . i can  most  bettah myself . depends how hungry you are but the girl at the counter was cool . and they have no hot mustard for the saimin and wonton min . theres a big flat screen tv in there though .
__label__neg terrible terrible service . waited 10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge us . the place looked messy with dirty tables that were not cleared . rag was laying on the table with a spray bottle next to our table . nthe  fixture above us was dirty and debris was literally falling on us while we sat there . waitress forgot about us  times . asked for things .  got them . didnt  acknowledge that she had not brought things to the table . owner seemed to be present but only worried about tending to the  . nwhile we were there another couple who had been waiting got up and left . we should have done the same . in the end we wasted 60 and will not return . nthe food was mediocre . the teriyaki had no flavor and was bland . one positive . they use  in the salad not iceberg  .
__label__pos i was recently at this costa when i was working in town last week . i was amazed by the size and the view when i finally reached the top of the stairs.nni ordered a skinny  latte to go . it was  and delicious . the barista who prepared my warm beverage was  . in fact there appeared to be a customer behind me who already had his usual prepared . the cakes  absolutely delicious . i believe it was a tiramisu triple layer cake that  my attention . im definitely going to have to  back and try it nntip try and get a seat over looking  
__label__pos bangers and mash with lots of options . seriously i think there are about 10 different mashes and they have at least 4  sausages each day . theres  4 or  gravy options too . nni tried their beef and guinness a special and herby pork . yum i had the moroccan mash and tomato and thyme  . sort of an  combination but it worked . plus our meal came with cheery servicennmums has  local ales and ciders available . they pride themselves on local brews.nnand they have alcoholic shakes on their menu . bonus points from me
__label__pos hectors is absolutely my most frequented and most favoured public house establishment in stockbridge and its pretty high up there when it comes to the whole of edinburgh actually.nnive been coming here for what must be a good few years now and its one of these places that when in doubt or if youre feeling indecisive you can always just plump for hectors because you know itll be great banter.nnhectors very much seems like a locals pub when you arrive through its big doorway as its deep comfy sofas welcoming looking and spacious interior all promote a feeling of sinking yourself down and chatting away with a few beers for hours . hectors is brilliant because i think its achieved that nice happy medium between chilled out pub and stylish bar . you can feel a bit of both here whether youre slouching about on a sunday afternoon and winding down the weekend or youre here on a friday for some pre party time drinking . nnits pretty much always busy in hectors in the evening so there is a chance youll have to wait a while to get a seat but you can always prop up the bar and observe until you see a space . the best spot to get if youre in a big  is right up the back of the bar where there are   a  and other bits of seating . when youre occupying that whole space it kind of feels like you have your own  private area.nnthe bar has a very decent wine and general beverages range plus it does a lunch and dinner menu throughout the week which  at the weekend . if im to be totally honest the  can be hit and miss but when its good its good and it mostly seems to be at super busy weekend times that standards seem to drop a bit.nnall in all i love hectors fairy light draped bar and general vibe which regularly draw me in for drinking happiness and japery .
__label__neg hate to be a scrooge but this place aint all that great . been on various occasions though just twice to eat and will say no effing  the best fish and chips . deep sea top of leith walk has the best and ive had about 17 better . the first time we went for a sunday brunch we asked for the steak and onion baguette thingy . we asked if they could add cheese on and they said no . we said we would pay and they said no . then proceeded to tell us that the only cheese they had wouldnt taste right melted . wtf . all cheese works on steak in my book.nnthe second time i  was with about  others and i will give them a bit of credit as we were came a bit late for breakfast . they were out of nearly everything no shit . everything that was  for they were out of . they did have the bagel and salmon . it was a sad pititful little bagel that i wanted to throw a life jacket around and give mouth to mouth to after before offering a new life with a family whow would love and cherish it.nnhope dianna wasnt our server cause whoever we had this was the second week of  2008 was horrible . we had to practically reenact the sesame street agua agua 80s skit with the guy crawling through the desert just to get a glass of water . ages to get the  and by that  we were the only  there.nnsucko suck suck mcgee . you are surrounded by wayyyy better places to eat and drink . shit id even eat at the waterline 100 feet away before this place
__label__pos ein uriger pub mit einer riesenauswahl an whiskies ca 200 offene flaschen . es gibt unter  traditionelles  essen und die mu00f6glichkeit unterschiedliche whiskymenu00fcs zu ordern . die bedienungen  sehr freundlich . neben  malt gibt es auch eine  grou00dfe auswahl an bieren . klare empfehlung ein muss fu00fcr  whiskyliebhaber
__label__neg i feel as a local i should give deacon brodies two stars  on its  expensive drinks poor food and bad chat from the staff . as  as the fact it is always packed with tourists so it takes forever to get served.nnif i was a tourist i  love this place . scottish themed as is every pub in the royal mile with fish and chips and haggis on the menu this offers everything tourists want from a bar in  . if you are looking for an authentic good pub experience then you  to get away from deacon brodies and the royal mile.nni do enjoy the story on the  though .
__label__pos to my surprise scotland is rich with seafood cuisine . prior to my vacation there i imagined scottish  to be rich with beef highland cows and haggis . but its easy to find mouthwatering seafood everywherennorder the surf and turf wcreamy shallot white wine . the bread pairs nicely with the  of the mussels and white wine . the chili ginger and coriander sauce is tasty but honestly it is not as delectable as the white  . the beef is  juicy but make sure you specify if you want it cooked medium rare welldone etc . the seasoning if fairly simple but it worksnnthe staff is friendly and theres a tv that shows what the chefs are  . im not quite sure if its realtime or if all of it is prerecorded but its kinda neat to see what  are about to be served .
__label__neg  glass on the floor straws littered on tables sticky seats from spilt drinks its all here at vodka rev . sounds terrible doesnt it but read again and youll notice such  characteristics are not the fault of revolution itself its more the clientele . nncatch revolution on any  night and its just  rowdy . its  with students locals even a few meaty bruisers and this forms an unruly lot.nnstill they dont exactly mitigate the issue either the  amounts of cheap vodka sours and heavily alcoholic cocktails not particularly nice either are the catalyst here.nnbest avoided .
__label__neg musics too  and not particularly  at times potentially   tiles on the way  to the toilets.nnn on the plus side the  are pretty good staff pleasant and couches comfy .
__label__pos que de monde  de monde tru00e8s petit dans  rue derriu00e8re le universitu00e9 et le musu00e9e . pas beaucoup de  il faut du00e8s le pas de porte se frayer   . la musique est tru00e8s sympa et surtout local cest  le charme de  bar .
__label__pos a great little deli cafe relish is ideal for getting that quick bite to eat at lunch time or a morning coffee . nnlocated near the  of leith and on commercial street relish provides freshly made sandwiches homemade soups and a selection of hot drinks . furthermore it provides a wide range of cheeses meats and italian themed foods including  . nni have been there a few times and on both times the food has been excellent and defiantly represents value for money . the soup and bread combo does not cost much more than two or three pounds the tomato basil soup i tasted was warm and tasty . however if you want a bit more to eat i can also advise upon the sandwiches . i had a  with cheese salami milano and a red  salad . again it was great and very filling as wellnni  certainly visit relish again and i am  of the people of leith for having such a good  cafe
__label__pos  some way down what must surely be the greatest street in the world by  alone im  a  biased towards bites but nonetheless its a great stop for good honest food with just enough frills to make it more memorable than your  sarnie shop.nna blt cake and a bottle of juice came to less than 4 notes on my visit and such a feast can  cost you not  off double that in edinburghs more glamorous locales .  time im down this end ill definitely be back .
__label__pos better than the reviews say . ive been here 5 times now and every  we go  during the  rush weve always been seated and served quickly . the  here is great a  selection of beers but my  is the ahi sliders . very  portion of perfectly prepared ahi with just the right amount of spice . i will continue to go back especially during happy  .
__label__pos had lunch there and  a ton of burgers . very filling .  the phili beef egg  weird but good in a  cheesy beefyway . i did not  the crab burger but enjoyed one with egg on it . onion rings were  sweet potato fries were better than regular fries but  a  extra . good for table variety .
__label__neg i needed my hair styled for my  formal . i thought going to a teaching salon would be a cheaper and less time consuming alternative than driving home to see my hair dresser . the student i was assigned was running late so i had to wait about 15 minutes until someone was available . i took a picture of exactly what i wanted . she asked several questions an i showed her exactly where i wanted the bun and told her i wanted a lot of volume . the first time she finished my hair i asked is she could change a few things and she  up  it . the second time she could  i still wasnt happy . she said she didnt know how to fix it and asked me what she should do . her supervisor came over and messed with my  a little but i was  unhappy . i paid  to my car cried and took a picture . i  the picture to my friends and family . they said i should do it myself and that i shouldnt have paid for the horrible work the student did
__label__pos like marj i always seem to find some manner of hidden treasure in salvation army stores . my  find was a gorgeous  dark mahogany dresser that is absolutely gorgeous . i also found myself a   floral brooch that sparkles beautifully when the  hits it.nnthis salvation army also has plenty of treasure waiting to be uncovered and they have a great selection of  to choose from . books candles ornaments furniture cds dvds home ware  ware jewellery and various other goodies.nneverything is very well  and there are also plenty of boxes to rummage through which is the best thing about charity shops . you just cant beat a wee rummage
__label__neg i used to come here when i lived in student  and i was always taken  by the  time we got to keep the dvds . nits a sad fact that almost all  i have rented here arent in the best condition . i guess it  with a dvd rental  . nnit is quite large and  shabby looking but definitely has a lot of choice . however their europeanforeign movie selection is somewhat disappointing . plus in what selfrespecting dvd shop would it take them ages to locate nemonnso if you are after a blockbuster ha pun to the name or something along those lines you will find it here . ask for the student discount if you have an approved uni  .
__label__neg i always wanted to kick back at a bar made of ice . it didnt feel like a  wonderland at all though . met a  of super nice people and had great conversation but also drank some very average  and left feeling cheated . it would have been awesome if we could freely use our phones and if there was something to do inside in addition to ordering a   dancing and sitting down .  werent really in a  mood . i wont come back .
__label__neg i wish i could give this place minus 5 starsnnthis place was a huge waste of time . its basically a bar in a large freezer . and minus 5 degrees is actually measured in  so its really only around 23 degrees fahrenheit . nnyoure not  to take a camera into the bar since they want to earn money from a photographer taking pictures  them for 20 each . but if youre sneaky enough id recommend not putting your camera in the locker and  your own pictures instead.nnultimately though i recommend that you just dont go . if you  in a colder climate just wait until the wintertime and have a few drinks  in the  temperature . its basically the same experience .
__label__pos   short   lots of  and   a dim  vibe .
__label__pos the best   i have ever had i had  tacos husband had steak tacos . pumpkin  pudding was off the hook service 5   will be  
__label__pos my coworkers wished me good luck as i headed to my haircut at the wee hairdressers down the road . i thanked them and said ive got long hair so if its not a good cut itll be hard to notice.nni dont exactly know why we were all unsure . a hairdressers that doesnt  bad coffeetea on arrival that isnt full of people in totally nonsensible shoes for being on their feet all day that doesnt make you feel like youre being churned through a production line make you  bad about your hair stylecolour and doesnt try to talk you into spending more money a hairdresser where the people have been cutting hair longer than ive been alive hum sounds strange to me ... nnand it totally was strange but in a good quick cheap comedy craic kind of way.nnit was a dry cut i didnt book for a shampoo and i was treated to a history of the bruntsfield area while my hairdresser worked . he told me that my hair is in great  and that i really only need it cut  or 3 times a year if im not changing the style .  what about  6 weeks thats just what other hairdressers tell you to get your money . oh ho what about the fact that theyre all always telling me to colour my hair and cover my greys they what those arent greys theyre fine white hairs that are easier to see because your hair is so dark . if you start colouring your hair now you will  be able to stop and you will regret it nnat the end of my cut he explained everything he did how and why he deviated a bit from what wed originally talked about and how he is a bad hairdresser because he doesnt try to get people to spend more money on their hair than they need to . nni walked away 30 minutes later amused bemused and only u00a314 lighter . win .
__label__pos another convenient gift  with trendy gifts and  for all  .  most of them are more girlie its certainly more upmarket than your average edward monkton corner store . from funky china to sweet  and other quirky ideas i tend to  here if i am stuck on gift ideas for friends.nni particularly  the unique card selection some of them could make gifts on their own . the layout of the store  it very convenient to browse for seemingly hours .
__label__pos this place is in the luxor on the second floor . when we got there the hostess was very friendly since our whole party hadnt  she said we could be seated or wait at the bar . we decided to have a drink at the bar while we waited . the bar tender gave us a menu and then  to the other end of the  ... ..where he stood till someone in our group finally walked over to call him . he was to busy  and hanging out with the guys at the other end and totally forgot about us . nnafter we finally got him to  take our order i had the  and black beans it was really good.nnthe whole time while we ate they had some really good  playing .
__label__pos jenners used to be the place to go on princes street . the building is gorgeous and is another  example of edinburgh architecture . however since house of fraser took over a few years ago i feel jenners has  its  and harvey nichols has quietly stolen it . nnyou can get just about anything here . there is  children clothes toys food underwear menswear womenswear home furnishings electrical  ... the list goes on . nnthe food hall is my favourite part . they have a valvona and crolla section which is fantastic . they also have an american foods stand which is my personal  no mountain dew though . there is an extensive  section plus great quality cheese and  . it is definitely worth a visit . nnnif you are in the area around christmas pop in just to see the massive but beautiful christmas tree in the centre of the store .
__label__pos in comparison to marys living and giving this little ol cancer research doesnt really get a look in . it still has its fair share of goodies though and its worthwhile popping into if youre in the area.nnthis  is well  has an excellent selection of books cds jewellery ornaments and  other bricabrac . in addition to this the staff are really friendly and its a pleasant shop to browse.nnas marj said its for a great cause and its  to know that if you   that you like the money that you pay for it  to an  charity .
__label__pos this took me by surprise now anyone who knows me knows that i like top  places especially with my lotions and potions . now i am also a strict vegetarian so have been trying to only  products that are not tested on animals or have any non veggie  and that the companies producing them are members of peta  for the ethical treatment of animals . nnow that is a big  and amazingly superdrug are on this  . i have been in a few  and i am now using their face wash daily u00a33.49 a bottle compared with my  u00a327 a bottle more expensive brand.nnnow i am aware that it doesnt have the plush surroundings or snazzy addresses of its counterparts i am pleasantly surprised and i have even joined up to their points card.nnwell done superdrug on your good ethics
__label__pos this is a review of the cafe on the 4th floor the place to eat . it has great views out over the rooftops and the forth . the staff are really helpful and  the portions are very generous and the prices are reasonable.nthey were replenishing the scones at 4.30pm when i  to meet a  of friends and their babies . the fruit scones were fresh out the oven huge light and very moreish . so huge that i didnt need any dinner when i got home.nthe banofee tart looked amazing and given how quickly d ate it it was clearly as tasty as it looked . there was also a baked chocolate cheesecake on  which ill need to go back and try it looked divine.nif youre in the st  centre its definitely worth a visit for the service cakes and best of all the  .
__label__pos this was my first pho experience .  of my friends and her husband insisted on  me to their favorite spot to get pho since ive never tried and always wanted to i was innnfirst off bring cash they do not   they do have an atm machine in the restaurant but who knows the fees that it might hold nnjenni pho is a small cafe . the service was excellent and the pho was so yummy . even better then i expected it to be . ni ordered an appetizer of their shrimp rolls which were perfectly cooked . the crispy wonton wrapper was fried just right . it didnt fall all over you on the first bite for my entree i ordered the seafood pho . it had  of fish calamari and shrimp and the broth was very tasty . i loved all the bean sprouts and other things you get to  into it.nmy friend and her husband ordered two appetizers . she got the egg rolls and he got the spring rolls . they let me try the egg roll and omg i would go back just for that egg roll . the  in it was packed in perfectly not dry and again did not fall apart on the first bite . for their pho she got the steak and flank and he got the seafood pho like me.nnfor my first experience with pho i really enjoyed it . jenni pho makes some tasty broth and i loved the amount of seafood they give you as well . i cant wait to take my husband in for the pho and the egg rolls mmmm i wish i could go back right now lol
__label__pos lovely   . i  this was their  store.nso many  things that just  to be  ethical to  .
__label__pos this was the first toys r us ever in scotland and if thats not something to brag about i dont know what is . who doesnt love this  its awesome a huge store  to the brim with toys of all kinds.nnmy  and dad used to take me here when i was younger when were through in edinburgh and id more often than not leave with a new toy in toe .  my favourite toy i ever got from here was a cabbage patch doll called rosalee  i  that doll everywhere with me even though she was probably the  doll ever made.nnnowadays whenever i think of toys r us i think of the scene in toy story 2 where the gang are running around a toy store crusing around with the barbies hilarious
__label__neg topped with a costa coffee and with a mcdonalds as its foundation the princes mall isnt the most  shopping centre.nnsandwiched in between these mediocre high street brands are an assortment of clothing shops whisky shops and beauty orientated stores.nnyoull no doubt have a  wander through the  mall and then exit with limited buys and  enthusiasm for the dreary  .
__label__pos gemu00fctliches  in     .  harrypottertouristen und studenten .
__label__neg i live downtown and was sooooo excited that we had yet another restaurant to visit ... .. especially since it is the same owner as az88 which i love nnwent for lunch with my bf and we both started out with a martini . mine had st. germain in it and i couldnt wait we waited ... and  ... . they finally came and wow ... they were in miniature glasses . not so happy about the size . when you order a martini ... it should be in a standard martini glass . they were tasty though so we ordered a sandwich and a margarita pizza . meanwhile a table of 4  down about 5 minutes after us . later when the server finally came with their wine  and 4  they had already  . the table next to us told the  i guess they got tired of waiting . nnall in all the food was average pleasant decor however the service needs work . i look  to giving hannys another shot but will  a couple of months .
__label__neg wow.. ive been to hannys a  of times but saturday ruined it for me.. we just  in for the  after being across to street . much to my disappointment we were barely greeted at the door to sit at a.table for 10 minutes prior to being spoken to by a server.. we walked out . how insane it will  an act of the heavens for me to  back.. only advice  in a highly visible area and  contact with your server promptly..
__label__pos     of downtown phoenix  a unique upscale barrestaurant . walking into this place and you got this young hip vibe u cant find anywhere in   . the staff is amazing the bar can get pack pretty quick but it does not hurt to get a table . the menu is pack with great option . as for me the pizza i order was not only taste but lool quite  . have never seen a thin pizza like this . next time im down here ill for sure br stoping by again l .
__label__pos  and cheerful indian food .  paper  and plastic fork  . we summed it up as an unmissable edinburgh  spot that represents excellent bang for your buck . if youve not been there go and if you havent been for a while  back and  it again . you wont be disappointed .
__label__pos had to stop in here recently for a piece to fix the plumbing under our  . had never been to this location before but had driven by a  of times . nparking lot is set up a bit strange can be hard to navigate when it is crowded . store was laid out very nice .  . everything we needed was very easy to find . everyone who worked there that we ran into was very nice.nill be  next  i  to fix 
__label__neg where to beginnni went to muramoto for my birthday dinner and called a day in advance to reserve a table for a large group of people . two people joined our group at the last  but i didnt think it would be a major problem to add a chair on either end of the table . i approached our server and apologized for the inconvenience but asked if we could get two more chairs.nni was met with a brisk we dont really have any more chairs . it should be noted that without moving my head i could  at least three vacant chairs and one or two lining the wall . not everyone had arrived yet however so i didnt raise the issue again until they did . the server begrudgingly made another place setting before barking just sit down here because if you move and the order gets screwed up its going to take me like fifteen minutes to fix.nnthis is also around the time that two of my guests mentioned that something was dripping on them . indeed the  was  water . when they mentioned it to the server he said oh yeah . the air conditionings over you and it leaks a bit . i was going to recommend you leave that chair  but since youre already short on seats now ... nni was taken aback partially because of his rude tone and partially because i couldnt understand how someone would be so preternaturally stupid as to 1 put a chair under a leaking air conditioner and 2 expect that all seats in the reservation wouldnt be filled.nnone of my guests did not receive her soda for   and another guest did not receive one of her plates of sushi until just before we were about ready to leave.nnthe two stars above are for the chef to whom i give my compliments . everyone was thrilled with their appetizers and the sushi itself was very wellprepared . compliments to the bar as well . i had a delicious drink called keep calm and carry on . i would suggest the servers at this establishment take the drinks name as a piece of advice .
__label__neg  food  prices.nndont  here  you care more about showing than anything else . and even in that case go somewhere thats actually classy with good  i.e . queue de cheval
__label__pos what a nice place to  time with someone  especially at  . we ran around the park like teenagers watching the    as they changed color . we stood under the railroad bridge as a train   . a great place for a first kiss
__label__pos this is a good clean place if you want some vietnamese food . i am not a huge fan of their pho and ive lived in los angeles and san diego where i have been exposed to amazing pho but the  of their  is good . i specifically love the s5 which is the   soup with duck . i have had this dish at  other places and never has it been as good as it is here because most other places make it too sweet . the  here is also great and i have met the owner and his  on several occasions and both are really great people and really care about their customers . ingredients are always fresh such as the jalapenos and basil given on the side . and there are tvs if you want to stop by during a  that you dont want to miss .
__label__pos great buffet . friendly staff . the  quality is really good . i  the  beef chicken and  . side dishes  chan are very good also . make  that you try the sweet rice  for dessert .  place to eat on spring mtn .
__label__neg we got food poisoning after eating at here . my wife and i were on vacation from la and couldnt  anywhere because of this food poisoning when we called they blamed that we did not cook the  thoroughly . we are koreans from la its not the first time we had korean bbq . i am very upset that they were    that we got sick . i am contacting health department for  . i strongly urge you to  other korean all you can  bbq restaurant .
__label__pos awesome food  sandwich and hummus . awesome specials happy hour draft 3 and  bottles of wine . awesome  very  staff . the lack of kid   was a  weak . will be back  the child though .
__label__pos my boyfriend and i  a groupon for terra a few months ago and made reservations last night to try it out . our experience was phenomenal . the service was amazing the food was  and the wine was delicious . we had the meat and cheese plate for an appetizer and it was the best meat and cheese plate ive ever had better than nobles . the entrees were fantastic . the risotto  jour with shrimp and  and the gnocchi with sausage blew my mind . we had chocolate mousse for dessert that was better than any chocolate  ive had . i   trying this restaurant . its definitely worth the 
__label__neg i visited la calabria with high hopes of finding my go to italian restaurant but i can now cross it off my lisit of places to dine . i did so based off the countless high  it had been given on yelp and google . i started my night off by ordering the beef carpaccio however what arrived was battered fried cheese with a bowl of canned tomato sauce . i  to eat this concoction because our waiter was new and clearly nervous . the appetizer tasted about as good as it looked which i would rate as average at best . next we were served out salads the house and caesar . both salads  right in line with our appetizer average but severly overdressed . our main course consisted of the linguini ai frutti di mare and meat ravioli which our server recommended . the ravioli was what i would expect from an olive  caliber restaurant . the ligunie is where i took offense . the basic concepts of cooking this dish were missing . this is my favoite dish and something i consider a staple of a good italian restaurant . the pasta was overcooked to a mushy consistency . the seafood was  however was also overcooked . all of this was served in what appeared to be a tomatoy  that was filled to the brim of the bowl . i ate the entire meal with fear i would have this red water in my lap or all over the table . ni am confused by the numerous high ratings for la calabria . i have grown up eating great italian and recently moved to phoenix . if my only experience of italian food was eating chuck e cheese i might be more inclined to give 3  . if you are looking for a great italian meal  elsewhere .
__label__neg     or  your    . not worth it . the food is good but service is horrible not because you have a groupon but because management doesnt know a thingnnthe food endline was delicious ... ..the service horrible worst i ever had in my life . the owner steve mentioned to another table they had just bought the restaurant a month agobut dont worry they still have the same chef and they were transitioning and getting drink menus blah blah blah . nnwe came in a little after 4pm on a tuesday . there was two tables seated . and nobody to acknowledge we were standing in the front waiting to be seated . finally a man saw us and had us sit down after about 7 mins . gave us our menus and thats it . 5 minutes later another waiter comes in and serves us water . about 10 minutes later stevethe owner comes and if we wanted drinks . we said no but wanted to order our food . i ordered the yellow curry with seafood mix and my wife the pad thai with the deep fried pork appetizer . nn25 minutes later nothing . finally steve comes out stating the system was down and he was just putting in the orders ... .he wrote it down why not manually tell the cooks about the food right . well we waited a little longer and the appetizer came out . it was really good plus an extra appetizer of spring rolls on the house all good.nnit took quite another while and finally got our food at about 520 pm . well my wife did they forgot about mine . they later brought it with no spice at all . they brought on the side but not spicy . i got ta be honest the food was fantastic but the service horrible . they gave us free appetizer and 15 off our bill but didnt make up for the horrible wait time . another table left after just getting water because no body acknowledge them after that or told them anything . i felt bad for them.nnendlinenwe had 2 hours in the restaurant with headaches at the end . food was good but not worth the wait .
__label__neg i had breakfast buffet here . this is a hotel breakfast type of place . pretty limited selection . their hot items were bacon sausage    and cheese blintz . they also had omelette and  station . 4 kinds of cereals oatmeal with topping station  and  . nnpositive no long wait  so no long wait for your food . nnnegative very  selection .
__label__pos  rei   for eagle creek luggage packing cubes and packing folder.nthis packing folder is the slickest thing ever for dress shirts and slacks for minimal wrinkle  . the  workers were more the helpful i had questions regarding a    carryon 22 roller bag which i ended up buying for my new travel job . i highly recommend the store
__label__neg we usually go to this place as we work in the area . we went there on a friday we stood in the long queue got our dinner as soon as we sat to eat saw that a lady was just going to each table handing them over bags and boxes to pack their dinner and whispering to them that there is an emergecny or something ... the thing to be noticed here is that nobody came to our seat to inform us of anything seeing that we had a child with us . nwe do not know if there is a shooting outside or a fire or something elsenwe just got a hint and pick up our son and bag and got out leaving our dinner well nobody gave us the boxes or bags to pack our dinner.nwe got out so we realized there was a fire ... a lady took our number and said she will take care of everything . we then went to another chipotle as my son just wanted his beans and rice kids are  like that he  he was going to eat his beans and rice and he just wanted that . nmanager called us told us please come in anytime and and say at the counter that you were part of fire incident and your meal will be on us . i said im sorry but im not comfortable doing that  for a free  at the counter . i  her i spend this much if you could send me a card that is well and  . she took our address and said she will definitely mail it to us.nwe never got  in the mail . nit does not mean i stop eating at chipotle we love it . but till the time our issue is resolved we will not  to this chipotle even if it is inconvenient to us .
__label__neg  really  about this place.nnive  the pizza which i suppose wasnt terrible but definitely not something id recommend . they do the fully cooked but preprepared pizzas and reheat for a minute in the oven . there are places that can do this right like nypd but these guys didnt  deliver a high quality slice.nntoday i went with the chicken parmesan which included a garlic knot and baked ziti . the pasta was pretty bland and the meat didnt have much substance to it . the garlic knot was decent but not good enough to turn the meal around .
__label__neg meh . ill be short and to the  . nnthe service was great and the  is beautiful but the fooood ... nnmost of the beef filet mignon garlic steak mainly was over cooked and  . only thing they didnt botch was the flank steak . the  was good as well.nnchicken was greasy . nnlobster bisque tasted like slurping butter.nnits bad when the salad bar food is better than the  at a steakhouse.nnover priced for what you  .
__label__pos we came here with a group of 50 people for a wedding rehearsal dinner.nnfor around 56 a person we got the all you can eat saladseafood bar all you can eat meats brought to you tri tip sirloin filet bacon   chicken pork side dishes mashed potatoes sautu00e9ed mushrooms garlic bread corn on the cob and dessert.nnthe food was amazing and the service was  . the servers come around consistently with different meats on a stick and accouterments and my  was never empty . who likes meat on a stick this girl.nnthe only complaint i have is that they garnish everything at the salad bar with green onions . every single dish including the lobster bisque is sprinkled with nasty green onions . not everyone  for the taste of raw onions so maybe just put them on the  for people who want them garnishing dishes with green onions is lazy and unimaginative . just sayin .
__label__pos this is the place to  down to and run in to  you tend to wounded what the hell happened to them . now for the drinks theres not one that you wont like they are all  off classic  cocktails and by your  time there youll have  you need to order the fink bomb .
__label__pos this place is a dive  here because of yelp reviews and was a little disappointed n i  in to find it a very  square bar with only a couple tables . you have to order at  and drinks run 9 if you like tiki souvenir  it will cost you 25 each.nnow the drinks were very  but also very  . its located way off the strip closer to freemont .
__label__neg this was my first time to a cheddars . a coworker of mine asked me to come along to lunch and i didnt  anything of it . i was completely blown away once we got there and i looked at the menu . the food was dirt cheap but i literally couldnt decide what to eat because nothing looked good . we got the   dip appetizer which was essentially watery spinach dip . i was starving and it didnt even  good . i finally decided to get buffalo  tenders for lunch . the tenders were terrible which is hard to do . the salad was basically iceberg  salad mix from a  . the prices are really low but the quality is just as low . i couldnt be paid to go back
__label__pos great costo . they are different than the regular warehouses .  in restaurant and convenience items this warehouse is packed with  and bigger food packs . i love the selection of torani products as well as prepared veggies cut and ready to  onions lettuce salads etc they dont  everything that regular costco does and some things are too big for the regular home customer but the ability to buy plastic restaurant style  for cheap is terrific  for tile floors i love the  of snack foods and specialty  . i also buy thrifty ice cream here
__label__neg i went here to get a brazilian wax done my first time doing this . i found their business through groupon and thought i would  it a try . the ladies were very nice and the place was very clean . my estheticians  was mary claire . she was a very sweet girl and tried to make me as comfortable as possible as comfortable you can get with a stranger looking at your vagina . my thoughts were that i would go here have to  some pain for a beautiful result but thats not what happened . after going through the expected pain one has when waxing a sensitive area like that the final results of my wax was very disappointing . it wasnt until after she claimed she was done that she  me that a lot of my hairs were too short to wax . i feel like as a professional someone who does this on a regular basis would see that and then tell me i would be better to reschedule after a week or so to  a better result . when i looked at my lady area it looked like i had the mange . for those of you who dont know what that is its a skin condition that causes patches of hair to fall from your pets body ... .. not pleasant . even though i used a groupon for this service i still had  hopes for a better experience . i ended up just buying a  venus razor and shaving it myself which looked a million times better than my so called brazilian wax .
__label__pos breakfast was excellent really on my top  lists of best breakfast  anywhere . the corned  hash is  .  were  . service was  and  .
__label__pos we went to blanco on a saturday around 1130 for  . the place was jam packed if it isnt a scorcher outside find a shady  on the patio the cushioned patio furniture is super comfy and the misters make the heat a little more tolerable . nndefinitely have the guacamole its fresh and flavorful and a good accompaniment to the chips and  . the  crisps are a must kind of a mexican flatbread the size of a medium pizza . the  tacos were good tiny but good several unique  options are on the menu . the mixed berry marg  to be the crowd favorite . give blanco a shot if youre in the mood for mexican
__label__pos my husband and i enjoyed a  father day dinner tonight first time we have been to this restaurant and we will definitely be backnnour   was outstanding and made our total experience wonderful and was  when customer service is lacking in most establishments today.nnthe chips and salsa were amazing and the habanero salsa is a must  for . i had the tacos and was pleased that when i couldnt make up my mind because they all sounded so good that i could mix and match . i ordered the crispy shrimp carne asada and the bbq tacos . they were all delicious but the bbq was my favorite and i can see why it is   . my husband ordered the short ribs burrito and it was incredible . the beans and rice were pretty good but i was too full from the tacos and chips . nnwe are so glad we found a new local restaurant .
__label__neg nyer  to  thai in    nickys thai . curry sauces had too much brocolli and red peppers ... . curry sauce very thin and too much coconut milk . had the chef duck special and was very salty . on a brighter note pad thai and thai ice tea was good . conclusion this is not authentic 
__label__pos byob for 5. the atmosphere here is very relaxing and   outside . make sure to make a reservation because it fills up and  busy throughout the night.nnwe  the  dumplings thai toast spring rolls pad thai and  and vegetable green curry . everything was very fresh and you could tell that it was all made from scratch . i liked the fact that they ask you how spicy you would like your curry on a scale from one to ten . i was very  with nickys thai 
__label__pos great  . attentive   . very  tasty  .  atmosphere . had  salad and  with chicken . delicious . excellent value .
__label__pos consistantly great  service is hit and miss but always  . we usually  steak dishes always prime and  perfectly . great choice for a  night out  for cooler  and misters on the  patio .
__label__pos im a big fan of the way they do things at teriyaki madness . its really nothing special especially if youve  visited a franchise known as the flame broiler back in california . but what these guys do they do quite well.nni usually get their chicken rice bowl with brown rice and extra hot sauce on the side . i suppose i could order their spicy bowl but i dont see the point of paying extra for it when i can get the same sauce they presumably use to marinate their meat for free  next to the drink fountain . and the combination of their salty teriyaki glaze with the spicy tang of sriracha is just too addicting to pass up . nyou can get their chicken veggie bowl if you want to moderate the meat  a little bit ... but i cant  myself to do that . nnits not the cheapest place to go for a quick bite at over 7 dollars a  but you do  what you pay for . the portions are impressive and i guarantee you will be full if you can finish the whole thing . its a popular choice   or other fitness savvy folk and i think its no mistake that these stores tend to be located next to gyms . it doesnt look particularly impressive inside but i highly suggest you order some carryout from this place and eat in a location catered to your comfort so that you can fully appreciate how good this grub can be .
__label__neg    in     in the  when you walk in the door
__label__neg the   lunch  and generous  . nthe negative lacks  and not so craveable . nthe result left in a   and  a nap .
__label__pos upon  this you must know that i actually visited nuances in september of 2008 but didnt realize that yelp was available for candadian restaurants until just now . nnwhen i went i was blown away . the food was  and the service was impeccable . i had the 5 course chefs tasting menu and each course was shear perfection . the first course was a white lobster gazpacho with asparagus second was duck foie gras third was beef tenderloin fourth was a beautifully cooked rack of lamb and finally a wonderul berry ice  desser with raspberry sauce . all courses  with a unique and  wine pairing.nnafter  2 years you might wonder how i  remember this and what each course was . its a really simple answer ... it was seriously that  .
__label__pos holy cow . ni could be a hindu if only the method of worshipping was eating the object of worship.nwhich i guess makes my true natural religion vulvan but thats  story 8 nnthe half priced half kobe half chuck happy hour daily dose burger was wholly delicious . the pretzelbread bun just took it over the top.nnthe rest of the menu looked thoughtfully prepared and a brief conversation with one of the principals confirmed the serious attitude with which they take their establishment.nnthe staff handling our patio party was to be heartily commended . the server was actually  and calling most everyone at the table by their first namenthe empty plates and beer bottles never lingered long and the cucumber  infused ill never enjoy lemonwater quite as much again this stuff was so refreshing water  were never empty.nnperhaps the wonderful company of multiple yelpers and the genuine  had me in a  of an inclover stupor but i  daily dose with a feeling of fulfillment that went far beyond my belly.nnspecial thanks donald for the setup and carins parents for being so hip and cool
__label__pos      atmosphere and   point . highly 
__label__neg this apartment is terrible i have had nothing but issues since i moved in 2 weeks ago . not only did the staff misinform us on information about the apartment prior to moving in but they called me 3 days before moving in to tell me that i have to wait another day to move in because the office is closed . we had this move in date set for 3 months . now this may not be an issue to many people but it was a problem for me because i moved from chicago . i needed to move in the day i was planning on because i had no where else to stay . that was just the beginning though ... nn1 . we realized a few days after moving in that we were charged over 500 more on our rent than we were supposed to pay . they did inform us that we paid 420 over . however after reviewing the statement the office gave us which included everything we were charged and have paid it made no sense . basically we  that they charged us two times on things that should have only been charged one time and all of the math was wrong . the amount they owe us just kept adding up . nnn2 . we have zero cell service in our apartment . it is a  dead zone . my roommate and i are also not the only ones with this issue . we have talked to other residents who have complained about having no cell service . this may not be the staffs problem which we understand but it sucks that i have to lay against my bedroom window just to  to my mother because that is literally the only place i can get maybe 2 bars on my phone.nnn3 . the next issue which we have ben dealing with for about a  now is our cable . the day we moved in the staff in the office told us that we can get cox or directv . we decided on directv . the morning the man came to install it he told us that these things he needed to access on the roof were completely closed off and he could not access them until the maintenance people opened them . my roommate and i went straight to the office to ask if they could open the things on the roof . they told us it would be a half hour so we had to send the directv man away so we could make his other appointment . four hours later the maintenance people still had not fixed anything . i went and asked the office if it was finished yet and the lady  me didnt even think to call the maintenance people to ask she only thought to email them . pretty dumb considering a phone call would take much less time and she would get a response quicker through a phone . i went in the office again the next day to see if they finally finished the task and they told me it was all worked out . nnso the directv man came back today . he told us that the maintenance people only opened one of the things on the roof and not all of them . when we went to ask the maintenance people to finish their original task they were extremely rude to us . they also proceeded to tell us that we need to  to all of the apartments above us and ask if we can get access to their utility closet on their balconies in order to drag a cord down to our apartment just so we can get cable . i find this completely ridiculous we shouldnt have this many issues just to get cable in our apartment . also the maintenance people should have done everything that  to be  5 days ago when we originally asked them to . they just did a half ass job and complained that they have too much to do . bull shitnnni have only lived here for 2 weeks and i already hate it . i have never had more issues than i have had here in any other apartment i have lived in . the staff in the office have no idea how to help us with anything and the manager is extremely rude . not only was she a total bitch to my roommate but she was even more awful to my roommates mother . completely disrespectful and not helpful one bit . the only good thing about this place are the amenities . the pool is pretty and they have a good gym . besides that i would not suggest living here .
__label__neg ive wandered into the trailhead a handful of times mostly to check out the food offerings and vaguely consider researching a bike in a  owned shop . nnfirst the food . i  a salad with a sandwich and while the sandwich was nothing to write home about and the salad itself was redolent of red onion that had been taken off the dressing was freaking delicious . i think they load it up with paprika and some sort of honey mustard . not  anything id have ever tried  and that was fantastic . the food is meh . the pastries are substandard . the service is slow the guys that have been behind the counter are completely anti social unless youre a hipster or a bike nerd . im not ragging on either of you groups but i  squarely outside of both these categories.nnsecond the chai . omgwtfpowdered chai . this is the most disgusting thing i never knew i didnt want to exist . and for 4 are you kidding mennthird dont ask about bicycles if you are a novice and the tall dude with the  prescription glasses and the almost dreads is there . he will look at you with his superior bike knowledge dismiss your mom outfit and your moderately priced purse not made of canvas or ripstop with no reflective properties to it whatsoever and treat you like a disdained child who crapped on his floor . i wanted to research  for my kids and this guy is just wildly unapproachable weird and  which goes for pretty much most of the staff in there unless you walk in with a bike helmet and skinny pants.nnalso bike tires stink when youre hungry .
__label__neg i am giving a generous 2 stars only because i had a good experience last year . nnfirst i am not a bike novice but to these douche   else is . i  not have the highest end bikes but i do own a 3500 a trek carbon road bike and a 4k specialized stumpjumper . i have been riding bikes for 35 years so i do know the difference between a juicy and a hayes . nnso for my experience this year i rented the same bike i rented a year ago but my experience was night and day . last year everything was great from service to the bike itself . but this year i called ahead and asked for  . kyle took my info but never called me back . giving them the benefit of the doubt i stopped in after getting into phx and was pleased to get the bike but unfortunately they did a  minute check over of the bike . on the trail the worse of the worse  . front brake dragged and rear was weak a dangerous combination at best.nni took it back and while they did fix it they seem to assume i must have done damage to the bike .  upon returning the bike they were real knobs about a scratch on the seat post and then the guy told me it was his personal bike . i told him if you rent out a mountain bike for mountain biking you might expect a scratch or two . nnhe didnt like that . i explained that he shouldnt rent his bike out then .
__label__pos i had a shrimp po boy when i came here and it was  the  was crisp and the  was fresh.nnthe only problem was the wait . i had to wait over 20 minutes for a po boy and a sandwich . maybe it was because i went on a friday or maybe it could be contributed to the time went into  it . none the   for food that long on a togo order wasnt what i expected.nnthe owner was very friendly and even offered samples to those who did not know what gumbo.nnif youre looking for a fancy cajun restaurant this is not it . the decor was nothing to brag about . but if you want to impress your family and friends by taking them to a place with good down  cooking then definitely  by and give them a try
__label__pos finally got to try this place after seeing it on check please az . we got the dunkin catfish crab landry and alligator combo . the fried catfish was a  too salty for me but the crawfish u00e9touffu00e9e was pretty good . the alligator came in small pieces like popcorn  . good flavor but wish they did bigger chunks like pappadeux . nthe crab landry was really good . lots of real crab in it . their potatoe salad was pretty good and im not one to like it usually . tasted homemade with their own seasonings so flavor was good . interestingly  their side salad was good hearty greens and not that  junk so i thought that was impressive that they spend the extra money for it . ntheir sweet tea was really good . i dont like mine super sweet and i think they did a good job of that . even better was that i asked for a togo cup to pour the rest in and the waiter got me two new cups one with ice and one without ice to enjoy later . since it was the  of the day they were going to throw the rest away anyways but the fact that he thought to give me  wo ice for later was ingenious nwhen i cant go to louisiana this is a great sub to satisfy those  .
__label__neg i keep wanting to like this place but almost everything about it turns me off . nthe closest way i can  it up in one sentence even though it lacks bars on the windows the corner store feels like an inner city bodega from the 1980s . nthe reason i want to like it is that its run by a first generation immigrant asian family who keep a pot of curry stewing at all times . this alone should contribute to an atmosphere of authenticity . but it does not and the buck stops there . nnthe first thing that greets customers at the door is a ratty sign with a list of things not allowed inside no dogs no bikes no shirt no shoes no service.. etc . common courtesy requests you would expect to be a given in any indoor establishment . the mere fact that the corner store sees the need to reinforce these requests with a large glaring sign says a lot about both its atmosphere and its clientele . nthe staff is friendly enough making it all the more difficult for me to attempt to be polite when i go in and cant for the life of me find anything to buy . this place has a fair amount of shelf and cooler space but doesnt even stock the essentials . there are a few cans of this or that beef stew and corn chowder some styrofoam plates  a liter of  here and a roll of mints there . but its the epitome of hitormiss . whether youre cooking dinner and ran out of ketchup or youre planning a picnic and forgot lemonade dont count on this place to have what youre looking for . nnthere is a large handpainted sign in one of the windows that advertises a large selection of canned   this led me to expect something truly interesting or different . they certainly have the shelf space and presumably the expertise to offer the neighborhood a mini international food store . but as far as i can  they dont carry  international beyond what you can find at hyvee . huge letdown.nnas far as the lunch menu i found it overcooked overpriced lots of cheap ingredients and not that  . i know the corner store can do better which makes the experience all the more disappointing .
__label__neg so its a friday and were a group of colleagues . you know the deal large group high spirits cause hey its a friday.nnthere doesnt seem to be a table large enough to accommodate the size of our group and were just trying to figure out how to split ourselves up when the waiter pounces on some guy whos eating and  him . ok that works our for us but ive never seen a  pushed off his table midmeal before in my life . this should have been my first clue.nnso we sit and 10 minutes or so later the  takes our order . ask him a few questions almost all of which are answered in a mumble that sounds like yes its noodles . same answer to all questions . well were all tech geeks so a  search on our phones manages to demystify most of the menu . second clue as to the service.nn40 minutes later and 1 salad and 2 soups have appeared so far . theres a bit of  going on by now . one of my colleagues is eying the remnants of one of the salads so we push it over to him . nn50 minutes in and half of the table is served . umm ok. the remaining 4 of us are patient and figure were next . my colleague is now fiddling with the paper  from the chopsticks and im afraid hes going to eat it.nn60 minutes in still no food for the remaining 4 and in the meantime weve  3 other tables get served.nn70 minutes in i go remind the server that half of our table is missing food . yeah its busy.nn75  in and finally the remaining 4 dishes appear . and my salmon teriyaki is raw . stone cold raw.nnnuff said . never again .
__label__neg ... and a month after i told them again to remove me from their  list im still getting their spam . ive contacted this business several times and each time they  me theyll remove me from their  . but its been over 6 months and the mess keeps coming.nni called again today and told them exactly how  i was that ive had to continually put up with their ongoing spam . again they assured me that they would remove my name from their list . nni dont believe it . nnavoid these people like the plague  you love being  mercilessly  after youve made it  you dont want to be .
__label__pos  the   to  to the     period .
__label__pos lets just say ... when living social  out with coupons i bought 4. i get the spicy catfish  time and the jalapeno hush puppies are very good . its another small business that you guys can support and feel good about because they deserve the business.nnif you eat there you will probably smell  the food they make . it  to be a  so the atmosphere could put some people off . just  it to  and you will not be disappointed .
__label__pos very  atmosphere .  was excellent . food was  and the view was gorgeous .   for   . try their homemade  .
__label__neg too bad they have a great location in  town . small patio that is filled with smokers small inside  but  you have to get  those smokers . beers were warm  in a small fridge constantly being opened . nnlive   too loud for such a small space . oh btw did i mention the smoke
__label__pos you cant go  even if it is in this 2nd location . ive tried them first in scottsdale and this   really convenient close to mim . this time ive tried the iceberg wedge salad  coppa ham . i just love the  they use for all . if you  a mim  tag alone ... they have a special discount 
__label__pos i  a reservation through open  and we were seated immediately on the patio which i was hoping for . the menu had  tempting choices . we selected the vegetable salad strawberry salad and artichoke pizza . the kids had a cheese and a sausage pizza . our servers were quick and attentive and the salads and pizza were absolutely  the crispy chewy  and fresh salad ingredients were terrific . we were in and out in  than an hour which was perfect because we wanted to get back to   hockey . great place
__label__neg like many people breakfast is my favorite meal . ive been to many of the seemingly limitless choices of breakfast restaurants throughout the valley and i have never had an experience that would deter me from a repeat visit ... until today.nnfirst a recommendation . turn on the ac when its 100 degrees outside my girlfriend and i felt like we were in a  . uncomfortable to say the  . wondering what temp they keep the thermostat at led  to look at the air vents . wow caked on dustdirt that was pitch black in color . i immediately wondered how much of that makes its way on to the customers platennon to the food . i ordered an egg white omelette with broccoli and asparagus . i receive my omelette without broccoli . their solution to this gaffe you ask a bowl of steamed broccoli ... such a weird solution i didnt even say anything . and to make it worse nobody seemed to care about it no  nada zip ... .nnserver was sweet and nice but everything else was so bad that my only recommendation is to drive another mile down the road and get your  somewhere else .
__label__neg  a 1230  ... ..   minutes  ... was told it would be 10 minutes . waited for  minutes and was told another 1015  ... ... walked out
__label__neg i want to say this is the best club ever but omg this club is so overratednni was really excited to finally experience the xs hype only to find out that the club does not live up to its hype . waiting in line already made me not like this place . our friends were a few parties ahead of us and yea it sucks that people cut to meet up with their friends but whatever it happens and you do it i do it and yep thats what we were doing . and then a bouncer stopped us saying you have to wait like everyone else . okay fine we have to  . and then this bitch ass bouncer lets people cut for the party in front of us ... .. thanks ... for that later on that night i found out that one of my friends was not let in because the bouncer didnt believe her id was her . it wasnt a fake id and the reason why they wouldnt let her in was because she said the wrong weight as written on the id . are you serious its freaking vegas shes with a bunch of girls and who really says their correct  on their id and what bouncer really looks at the id anyways . ugh i hated the bouncers there thought they were so  cuz they were working for the it spot in vegas.nnthe  sucked for being one of the most popular clubs in vegas i thought they would have played more hip hop less housetrance . it was like weird remixes if they did play hip hop so no thanksnnokay ill give credit to how big this place is . it was nice that it had a  outdoors and how they had gambling tables within the club . i liked how it had a lot of seating area as well . everyone kept on saying it was the nicest pace but honestly i think its only the nicest because its one of the newest clubs ... .give it like  year ... .
__label__pos my favorite  in vegas since it  a few years agoand it just doesnt  old . nntons of  service tables inside and  a beautiful pool casino a pretty good looking and mixed  and good musicnnnever a dull moment here
__label__pos    vegas   after midnightnguaranteed a great timennhow to get innif you are a girl getting in is a breeze there were 2 full rooms of lines i repeat 2 rooms i was in a group of girls . so after lining up for about 25 mins still staying in the 2nd room we were asked to step to the fast line meaning straight to the cashier and to the club if you are in a mixed group or group of guys have fun waiting in line . maybe make some new friends while wait nnvenue it was huge but packed i was like in a maze of humans and trying to find my way out to the pool . the indooroutdoor thing is kind of cool . they even have some gaming tables to play . i was surprised the outside was not hot at all ... i wonder how they keep it cool . the design theme is supposed to be a female body so expect to navigate in a slightly curved space plan and see some nude sculptures hanging on the walls . seating is plenty and bouncers are not obnoxious at all they wont yell at you if you sit down at tables . but if it does happen just go dip your feet in the pool . i saw many girls doing just that.nndrinks the bartender was a little bit slow but i was in my happy mood . as long as i got acknowledged that i would be served soon i was fine . i had la water and it was big and strong compared to those served at other clubs . nndance floor it is fairly large my cab driver told me its the largest one thus far in  . great visual on the big screens around the stage . lighting pumps with the music and they use coffetti canon instead of the co2 canon which i hate.nnmusic it was awesome diplo was the headliner but he didnt start spinning until 1 or 130. the guy before him was kinda blah but once diplo started i couldnt stop dancing nncrowd i would say ... there were a lot of men . i think the ratio was like 10 men to 1 woman . it was crazy . thank god most of them were not obnoxious or fratty . those i met were classy.nnbonus tip apparently if you are in a group of guys and would like some girls at your table the bouncers would go out of their way to bring girls back . pretty is not guaranteed though based on my observation .
__label__neg this is the  time that i have been here in 4 weeks and i will not go  anytime  the  was  the quality of the food was poor and the value   so many better steakhouses in  very disappointing especially after all the hype
__label__neg when with such importunity the reference of fresh fruitsin the   do bring forth only of well described produce . the cut honeydew and cantaloup  were   per the squishy texture and the  blemishes around the edges . my wife had the smoked meat plate . the sandwich is flavorful but irrelevant when the cole slaw tasted expired .  the waitress was quite pleasant and attended well her patrons .
__label__pos my husband and i had lunch at botero this past  and it was terrific sat outside by the pool and though much of the bikini   against an appetite the food was delicious . had a lovely chopped salad with rotisserie  greens and pistachios . enjoyed warm tortilla  with guacamole and salsa . husband had some  of  and french  . absolutely love the art at botero
__label__pos wow i know i had a review posted from three years  on innout burger as i am pretty sure was one of my first reviews anyhow . i just  i did not have an  review for this particular innout burger so here goes easy and simplennthis is a staple burger joint that i have eaten at since my days living in los angeles sfv and the quality never disappoints my boyfriend and i go here from time to  to get our burger and animal style fries craving satisfied animal style is the way to go on the fries for sure because they are just too  and dry without the caramelized onions and special  . nnthe fantastic service cleanliness and quality cant be beatnnwe love innout burger
__label__pos i had a great  at society cafu00e9 on a friday night  september with my boyfriend and his parents . we were walking around  for a place to have a casual dinner and we decided to give  cafu00e9 a shot.nnit feels like eating in the middle of the mad tea party . in fact encore and wynn both have a wonderland feel to them very whimsical . nnwe were happy to be seat immediately without reservations around eight on a friday night . in fact the restaurant never  filled . service was a little slow but i think that was more because this is the type of  that they expect you will want to have a leisurely dinner . nni had a fantastic burger . really delicious . i cant remember what everyone else ordered other than they had a large selection of vegetarian options which was great for my boyfriends mom . i had heard that at all of the wynn properties all of the restaurants have vegan and vegetarian  . nnthe prices were also very reasonable  for the hotel . i think that our entrees were under fifteen dollars.nni would absolutely return here .
__label__neg came with a group of  girls and while the  was pleasant the manager was a douche . we asked if they could arrange to split the bill and he made it seem that it was the biggest  . he also said you are not the only bachelorette party we get here . he was so  rude . nnthe food was nothing special . there are far better places on the strip . the decor reminds me of a 16 year olds  party with its black and pink theme tacky . skip it and  a restaurant with a nicer staff and superior  .
__label__neg very  do i feel so passionately about a business that i review them mere hours after leaving . let me start by saying the food here was amazing . everyone was very pleased with their meals and  were fabulous . with that being said we had some of the worst service ever . we were a party of 12 for a bachelorette  and requested a certain table upon making the reservations . we were told that table was unavailable when we arrived and were sat elsewhere . ok no big deal . then we sat for about 15  before anything happened . no  no drink orders no bread  . once we placed our drink orders it was about a half hour before any of them came . in fact they came after some of the appetizers . entrees came after awhile also but no appetizer plates were cleared so there was no room on the table . some peoples sides were incorrect but the food was great so we tried to power through . everything was so slow that we were there for over two hours . when we asked to speak to the manager he couldnt have cared less that we were disappointed . all in all the  was great but we were so surprised that the service was so bad . if our server was new i understand it . but considering we didnt really have any crazy requests or substitutions or anything it was pretty bad .
__label__neg plan to wait in line for nothing ... .an utter hovel of a joint frequented by daddys money gaysu students and skanks in overpriced dresses from the chinese  ... these hoochies have been known to be seen on the  channel special about evolution . the bar  lets them get up there  they  on the bar to spin this wheel so they can get even more intoxicated ... you may see one girl that looks somewhat classy but guaranteed in less than 15 minutes time she will be the epitome of a bona fide slut due to her ghastly appearance and freakishly grotesque display of makeup and chonch hair as she dances carelessly upon the bar . the floors are a  mess there are  in all the wrong places the dj is alright but the lighting is crap ... ..the bartenders are jerks overpriced drinks ... but if you are looking to run a train on someone this is the ideal spot ... ..
__label__neg wow . ..shocking coffee absolutely sucks . bitter  hot foam is bubbly like dish water . .. wheres your  creamy  the  was so bitter who helped us . looked like hed had a night on meth and hated the world for it . my friend had a chai that tasted like super sweet vanilla syrup with burnt milk on it . it cost closer on 14 bucks . the area is horrible amid a sad food court so we just left . were staying at the palms place which is great . .. so  back and thats the only reason we went there . .. im no fan of star bucks but its easily way  any day dont do it . .id read reviews here which were pretty bad but thought maybe those clients had a bad day . now im having a bad day . ..control alt delete this place for all of humanity .
__label__neg  so 1st things 1st..yes we had a coupon so maybe that started things off poorly but this is a new restuarant and they seemingly need  . we were pleased with the food . not complaints there . however we were there for 1 hr and 45 min and all we had were 3 appetizers..it   min for our salad and bisque to arrive after our mussels..this was after the manager observed that it was taking a while..we also started to notice that other tables seemed annoyed as well.nwe would have been fine with a meer sorry but that is apparently too much to ask for . nwe tipped 22 on the full amount of the checxk minus our coupon..then we  . the manager was so rude as to not offer a simple apology..good  to this  if they decide to continue such poor customer service at such high prices ... boo boo boo
__label__neg death of vinyl indeed . its not for everyone and i am one of those people whom it is certainly not for . unless you are a  of old scratchy electronic and  recordings youve never  of circa 1970 this  is not for you . if youre looking for the latest tame impala record head to 33. i went here in hope of finding some dusky  of psychedelic rock all i found was  some really ugly wall art made by i assume one of the ownersworkers for sale for ridiculous prices . im sorry your cartoon pig  on cardboard nailed to wood is not worth 500 .
__label__neg this place was a huge letdown in addition to being overpriced . nnwe went here while starving for lunch and read the menu outside the restaurant which sounded great nothing uniquely special typical thaijapanese dishes but we looked forward to ordering dishes that we were already familiar with.nnput in our names hostess said it wouldnt take more than 1525minutes max . she took our cell phone number and said they  call when it was ready . we checked back 30 minutes later after no call still no table . another 20 minutes later and now even more starving they finally seated us they had never even  us to tell us our table was ready . not sure if they may have written the number down wrong.nnso after the 50 minute wait to be seated we already knew what we wanted.nsalmon skin rolls pad thai mongolian beef bok choy miso soup and a thai crepe dessert.nnthe salmon skin  were  and not up to par of what my friends were used to at other japanese restaurants . even though they were starving they didnt  want to finish the rolls.nnthe pad thai was awful the only good thing about it was the giant shrimp that came with it . couldnt pinpoint what exactly made it so bad but that was another dish that went unfinished.nnbok choy was good but how badly could a nice restaurant like this one mess up a stir fry vegetable dishnnmongolian beef was the only main dish that was  . nnafter trying all the main dishes we cancelled the crepe dessert in fear of getting served another plate that was another disaster version of a favorite dishnnthe only upside was the service and the thai iced tea.nnsuch a disappointment for a restaurant that should have been a high quality meal in one of vegass nicest new casino additions.nhoping we came on an off day the  said that sometimes the dishes  depending on the chef . unfortunately i dont intend on going back to find out if thats true .
__label__pos oh man the burgers here are better than inandout . they must cook the meat patties in extra doses of love or something because it didnt take me long at all to  down mine.nni ordered the guacamole burger with everything on it  with their seasoned steak fries . typical fries delicious burger . i also ordered the caesar salad which was the  fare . the lettuce was super fresh and crisp which won me over . the plate wasnt drowned in dressing either which was a relief . nnmy aunt ordered the beef mix which came with tortillas  and beans . these  had substance i was very pleased to see that they were the perfect balance of solids and liquids . they werent  nor were they a paste . the beef was very hispanic in its flavors spicy salty aromatic . nni recommend this  wholeheartedly if you find yourself in the neighborhood .
__label__neg the  here is great but the service needs serious improvement . we went a couple times just to make sure we didnt catch them on a bad night .  with the hostess who is doubling as a  and  the place . took forever just to get drinks out and the place is  not  that  maybe maybe 20 small tables and a bar . the manager  to get all the staff on the same page fast ...
__label__neg i went there for their st. patricks day kickoff and it was terrible . i didnt eat the food but i ordered a smithwicks and guinness black and tan . the  tender sank the guinness and left a head that filled half the glass ... then tried to serve it to me . when i sent it back she made an excuse about the guinness coming from a new keg and she couldnt make me another one . then when i complained again she went to the back to talk to the person in charge . out walks some italian guido who tells me that this is how guinness is  to be poured . being an alchy ive probably had a pint at 200  pubs between the uk and us and ive never  incompetence  this . how do you own an irish pub if you cant  pour a proper pint never again will i enter this cheap excuse for an irish  knockoff .
__label__neg i  applebees . not this one . nnevery time im hear something  screwed up . im not kidding . its only this applebees . on the flip  the  are nice and ive gotten to try a lot of renditions of a bbq cheeseburger because its always differently wrong when i go in . nnthe restaurant has a nice layout and usually has whatever game on tv that should be on but the service is slow and i think they may be doing it so we get so hungry while we  on our arms we order more food when they do come around . nnlike i said above im a huge applebees  . just not this one .
__label__pos awesome place .  in during happy hour . 12  appetizers . ordered  and bonein wings  sticks and onion rings . 3 beers all  everyday . cant  . great service and delicious  . recommend to  .
__label__neg if i could give negative  i would..i usually dont leave a  but the food   than a damn box . if you  to  great..eating is a whole nother story . .tuck
__label__neg rosies is in a really nice location away from bell and grand which seem to be the major avenues for dining options in this  of the  . the wifey wanted cheese ravioli and what she wants she gets so off we went to  something new ... nnive seen more youthful crowds at hospice of the valley mixers.. the ambiance is nursing homeesque.nnthe food was ok. not bad at all but  that would make me crave something from here to make me want to  back . nnthe service was a  slow but not awful . dessert seemed pre made.. and the kids screaming in the other room ... nnprobably wont be back agian..
__label__pos i had a fantastic time at the zoo and was really  by it since i didnt know just how nice it is or how many great animals they have there . the two pandas were stunning to see although they are so  just sitting and munching away on their bamboo that they were more mesmerising than anything . i loved seeing the playful penguins that were so cute as well as the adventurous and even rowdy monkeys . the  flamingos and tigers were also stunning in their own ways . the zoo is a lot bigger than i had expected and it is very well maintained . there are so  great animals to watch.nnthe layout of the zoo makes it feel a bit like youre on an adventure popping up different paths and peeping into different enclosures and pools .  the pricey admission u00a316 for adults or  for a family of four the zoo is really well kept and it is evident how much care and effort goes into the maintenance research and keeping the animals happy . the zoo not only has great animals to see but also hosts talks with zookeepers telling about the animals which were interesting.nnone of my favourite surprises of my trip here was going up on the sky climber it is a great structure of ropes obstacles and balance beams one floor up in the air . the friendly staff  we were safely secured in  before we ventured up to test our balance and have some good oldfashioned fun in an adventure course up in the air . it was really brilliant
__label__pos delicious great  im     service and smiling  i would definitely come 
__label__pos great customer  . great prices . most importantly  food . mr.  seems to really  about the  the food came out quickly and as  was delicious . definitely will be  back here .
__label__pos best breakfast  off the strip i ordered the breakfast burrito and it  with  spicy salsa .  the price is right and i want to come back tomorrow . highly recommend .  the  is warm welcoming and  he greets everyone and is so hospitable if theres a  its worth it . overall great service and staff .
__label__pos good  great   prices . what else can i say.. ni spent a bunch of money in vegas saved money here .   give it  stars but i just  4 stars was closer .
__label__neg another big time fail from my yelp communitynncraving some serious breakfast after a long night of partying . i had already bookmarked this restaurant prior to my las vegas trip based on the stellar reviews . we ventured away from the strip to this restaurant located in an industrial area inside a small strip mall dont flinch you might miss it . nnmy wife and i arrived at 1pm . placed our name on the wait list very friendly gentlemen greets us and tells us there is a 25min . wait . i says no problem . we were seated within the time frame our waitress takes our order right away as we were starving . i usually stop at starbucks to get a coffee when eating at most breakfast  as the coffee tends to be weak but i overlooked my instincts lazily and decided to try theirs . well unsurprisingly the coffee was super weak . as soon as i added creamer it turned milky instantly . my bad 2.50.nnfoodprices i opted for the denver omelette with home fries and toast price was decent under 9. i asked the waitress if i can sub bacon for the ham that comes with the denver she said no problem . our order took a little while to come out . the presentation looked great big portion for sure better than it tasted . my omelette total grease pit they used tons of oil to cook it plus the cheese stuffed inside was your poor quality cheese used at most la  burger joints that increased the greasiness further . first  bites were very mushy eggs were not cooked that well upon further inspection i also noticed very little bacon in my omelette so i began to open it up and noticed they didnt even cook the bacon at all prior to stuffing it in my omelette . the potatoes were the only thing that came out good they were hot and crispy . i couldnt finish it even though i was starving i did enjoy the  but was very dissapointed . nnmy wife ordered the french toast special served with eggs and bacons under 9. her eggs also cooked with tons of oil bacon was good . the french toast that everyone raves about was weak yo . first of all it was served cold next it had no flavor you couldnt add enough syrup to give it flavor . no moistness no tastes of eggs or cinnamon ever touching the bread .  they dipped the texas toast in milk and pan fried not sure . was a total fail . nnwaitress  by asked us how our food was i told her i was disappointed with the french toast coming out so cold . she opted to warm it up for us but by this time i was completely disillusioned with my  . i decided to pay leave and will not come back . nnprices are good portions are big service is good however i prefer quality over quantity food was not on point . sorry yelpers this was a fail dont do it should have tried the breakfast spot at my hotel not worth the hassle of leaving the strip .
__label__pos this is one of my favorite south tempe haunts of late it has a relaxed feel and a far more spacious dining area than the other tempe location . the pasty is a unique little pocket of delight originating as traditional miners fare in  england the pasty has now evolved into many new and interesting nontraditional pasties upon its arrival to tempe az . although the more traditional shepards pie with red wine gravy is my favorite flavor there is now a royal with cheese a chicken tikka masala and many more funfilled pasties to try for those of you that have had a pasty in england this will not be what you are expecting because the pasty here is much  . there are no side items served with it and you should expect it to be a just little smaller than a calzone . go without the expectation for  english fare and the pasty will not disappoint aside from the yummy pasties the setting of the cornish pasty is cozy and fun . the jukebox there is awesome ... .playing everything  rock psychedelic new wave etc . at night the lights  dim and each table is candle lit . they have a large patio that is currently being remodeled and a long indoor bar that overlooks the cooks  delicious pasties . the staff is a charming and scenic tattooed hipster  that make the place seem young and alluring and there are nearly always bikes parked outside and pints being poured . they serve a nice assortment of beer in a nice array of sizes . i love the pasty and i love to  it because it is unique and just plain delicious if you havent had a pasty yet you should
__label__pos   foodyes   yupnhot   
__label__neg i came to this place while i was around town . and at first i really  the atmosphere and the  but i sat there for over 30 minutes and nobody served us . even when i walk up to them and ask for our orders to be taken . nobody came up to us and ask . we did not even get a  of water overall . i have been a foodie for a long time and had not been disrespected at a  even when it was  food it was not  they were busy or anything . i was terribly  and i would never go  there again even when i am in town .
__label__pos tropicana isnt your typical decadent and  hotel in vegas . its just a normal old  hotel that has survived along with the  . older hotels like these two didnt make it such as dunes  and sands . nnfriendly dealers friendly staff a   with no stupid themes and good enough rooms make the tropicana a good choice for any vegas trip . doesnt have all the amenities other hot hotels have but it gets the job done . close to the mgm and new york new york . only problem is its not centrally located on the strip . i personally  walking the strip so i didnt make it  of paris .
__label__neg mixed feelings on this place . nni came to vegas this weekend for frozen fury . this was my first time staying at the trop and my first frozen fury experience . nnchecking in i arrived at about 330pm on  and was three deep in the normal people check in line .  i am not anhilton member and so forth . there were two people standing around behind the desk and one lady actually helping check in . of course the special side was full of helpful employees . i think my frustrated face said it all finally there was an employee who hopped onto the other computer to help reduce the growing line . when i was called to the counter the line had about seven groups behind me . took just a few seconds to say go here go there enjoy your stay . nnthe room eh . nothing special . you can tell they updated some things but still pretty outdated . our air conditioner was set at 64 degrees and it was still so hot . the ac also made a trickling water sound . luckily i didnt wet the bed . no fridge . huh we filled our sink with ice and that was not a big deal . our view was a joke . we were overlooking the lovely airport kinda more like the broken down  area . there were tiny bugs in the sheets but they werent bed bugs we checked  . our sheets had a nice big stain on them luckily it was the top sheet so easily taken off . nnthe casino i kept thinking to myself that this is a junior casino compared to the other hotels . small casino smells like cigarettes mixed with cheap  not busy old people  . i preferred other casinos . this is one of those casinos where you put a quarter in and walk away . no big winning here . at least for me . nntrop plus is a joke . i still dont understand how it worked . they claim to pay for your first 200s that you gamble lose as i  confusing rules and not what it sounds like . nnoverall i am happy i stayed at the trop because it seemed to not be as busy as other hotels . i see why . not the absolute worst . but not the vegas experience i was looking for .  time ill pay the 50 extra bucks to get the vip treatment at the mgm .
__label__pos great dinner . went last   was great  was  service was excellent and  .  was perfect for our dinner party of 4.   it .
__label__neg we had a pretty bad experience . a couple of  were the causenn1 .  a burger with fried pickles on it but then when we got our order we got an order of fried pickles and were charged for them . we got our   but they  charged for the pickles on the burger and didnt apologize . nn2 . bacon cheeseburger didnt have cheese on it when i got it . pretty  . nn3 . food was  we could have made at home . fries had almost no seasoning . nnwe were just unimpressed with this place . we went be going again and wouldnt recommend it .
__label__pos i really like this  . it is in a good location   and  people . they also have a good  of games  the  stuff but if you dig  you can find some hidden treasures .
__label__neg one of the advantages of doing your masters degree at age 33 is that you get to be surrounded by students ten years younger . that youth can be refreshing enlightenting deaging . nnit can also lead to having to go to  bars and clubs when those students  22 and 23. they will plan their birthday parties at these same  and clubs . the advantage of these clubs is that they are often cheap . at stereo drinks are 1.50. they could be free and stereo would easily be the worst club i have ever been to in my entire life . dont get me wrong i spent  of my youth going to clubs nearly as bad in other countries cave themed clubs in mexico where you make out with waiters to get an extra tequila shot clubs in torremolinos and cancun where foam shoots out of holes and girls pretend theyre bi and make out with eachother . nnthis club doesnt even offer that . it does offer possibly the worst dj i have ever heard in my life . a smelly smoke that shoots out at you from the dj  in amounts that may give your first born an extra limb or cyclops eye . its filled with high school and maybe first year univ kids whose hooking up post club will directly lead to the dumbing down of future generations . the only possible remedy for the horridness that is this club o shit is that there are pool tables on the main floor . however as the volume of the shit music from above is still enough to make you contemplate suicide it doesnt compensate sufficiently.nnif you have to go drink at  9 shots immediately before entering
__label__pos     how they   . always  service expecially from the bartender . never keeps us waiting and  on top of things . waitresses are amazing and go out of their way just to put on the game you wan na see . def highly recommend and if you go on the discounted wing days shoot your really getting a good deal
__label__neg get it together ive been here about five  and never get  service and the place smells    mop water . our last meal for four was only about 8 because the manager had to take a bunch of stuff off because it was all served cold . i only   because i really love some of the bww sauces . i am bummed this is the bdubs that is near my house .  needs to fix this place . now please .
__label__pos went  for the  time .  place . pretty basic . huge selection of beer . service was   . didnt have any food .    .
__label__pos been going here over a  and been  this place to every dog lover i know staff is great and helpful they really know their  one of my shibas tore his acl and they helped me put him on holistic regime so he could heal twice as  and he did . only store that always has my dogs food in stock  6  for my shibas   food store
__label__neg the  is fun and the service was good . the burger meat was good but the mushrooms are  the cheese appears to be  . the turkey  was what gave it   . it was no better than one that came out of a   .
__label__neg went in tonight after a big win at the casino wanting to celebrate . the two bartenders didnt  to care when me and my friends drinks were empty . i was willing to drop some serious money but concidering im not a regular im guessing it doesnt matter . i tipped the  server a 200 tip because she was the only reasonable employee in the place . i talked to the manager kerry and he seemed to empathize but did  to try to  my  . i dont come in every night but when i do am willing to drop at  100 i guess they dont have to worry because  of my money will be spent there . worst customer service ever at a local bar .
__label__neg i am appalled at how this place operates . the  are  the woman who sets appointments gave me attitude on several occasions the doctors come and  because they dont give them enough time to  and get to know  . they book infant and toddler wellvisits 10 minutes apart . that is not enough time to check out an infant and administer shots . i would give 0 stars if i could . i have been trying for 3  to get my 18 month in for a well  and shots . they have no appointments and can not accommodate around my working  schedule .
__label__pos    and  .  the  and  
__label__neg i went to this place from a suggestion from a  of mine . the hours has  so please be mindful of the new hours of operation . nni went their for lunch since im from hawaii im always looking for a good place where they have hawaiian food . nni have to say this place does not live up to the hype of my friends and everyone i asked about this place . i ordered the mix plate where you can choose 2 main item from a list so i picked teri chicken and roast pork which is a basic item for hawaiian restaurants . first their menu is very  they didnt even have spam musubi.. anyways . when they food came out it looked good . nice big portions just like my firend said . but when i started eating the gravy was turkey gravy and not pork gravy . the mac salad was too sweet in my opinion . although the chicken was cooked perfectly there was too much sauce on it and ruined the chicken.. the rice was over cooked and  . i didnt want to anymore of that so i ordered the saimin . which is another staple of hawaiian food . when it came out it looked very nice . it had wontons fish cakes bok choy teri beef scrambled egg . but again when i tasted it i was very disappointed . the soup was a  soup bases . the noodle was ss saimin . i asked for chinese hot mustard so i can dip the wontons in it . what came out was wasabi and shoyu already  together . right then and there i lost my appetite . the saimin is not  the 8.75 you cant have mustard with your saimin . oh they dont  have aloha shoyu.. i would really like to see this restaurant do good but they have to change their flavors and stop advertising like they have hawaiian pride when the flavor of the food clearly states otherwise ... .
__label__pos love love ... .love this placenneverytime and i   time i am happy i came.nnthey make my  order quickly even though the place is  busy.nni have brought friends that have ordered from the full menu and they too like the food . nnbroccoli is always   green and slightly crispy ... i love it
__label__pos  of the   in the area . great  of  treats  shops and awesome bands try to  on the friday or sunday saturday  is extremely crowded
__label__pos lets start with an easy tip . if you are a first timer here and are new to thai food i strongly recommend you start with pad thai . this is a safe bet as it wont kill you and leave you with a thai food is too spicy for me feeling . look the reality is tied food is freaking hot.nnthai rama is my favorite spot for thai . introduced by a friend several years ago thai rama is a go to place for me when im in tempe . nnthe service is always good the food is outstanding . as with all thai food the combination of  awakens the soul or at least your sweat glands . i never order above medium heat and often times find myself in a full on sweat . my friend orders extra hot and never breaks a  . i guess we are all wired differently.nnif you follow my advice and start off by ordering  thai here is my next recommendation . on subsequent  i would recommend that you go through the menu and try different items one by one . you will soon find many favorites on their extensive menu.nnfinally if you do by chance eat something   and want to put the fire out grab a beer .
__label__pos duuuudeee how excited am i for this place to  less than a mile from my worknthey have a 5 dollar lunch special every day from 113. oh did i mention its bombnnyesterday it was angus burger w sweet potato fries and a gelato.. 5.00 bucks nntoday i got the small soupnot  at all and a 6 inch fresh bagette didnt cut the roof of my mouth with avacado bacon and  . the bread tasted seriously  it just came from the oven . oh and it was 5 nnon mondays they do a 12off organic  which is super good . nnbest freaking deal for real food well just  in general . and its damn goodnn5 stars because they use real ingredients and awesome specials .
__label__neg i  dragged here i  . those who know me know i would ordinarily  set foot in this  of a place . anyway it was a horrible horrible  that i  to soon forget but still have nightmares about . such disgusting inebidle food i wouldnt even  my dog here . stay  .
__label__neg we love olive garden . we have gone to the olive garden in rochester mn and kansas city and chandler az but the  in goodyear is not the same . it is like a  ground for average cooks . everything is a bit off . the salad was not up to snuff tonight . tired tomatoes were 2 pieces in the whole salad with a ton of  . the gravy on the chicken marsala was runny and weak . the zuppa tuscana was interesting . big chunks of  in it that had not been broken down prior to being  to the pot . this olive garden needs a new chef and new management . they continue to be busy but they are not a very  store in goodyear . go elsewhere and get happy .  staff is great food was sub par but  .
__label__pos i tried my first class two days ago and it was amazing . i was sold . they welcomed me right  and they have lots of equipment bolsters straps   . what i really liked about this place is they offered water and a mat rental without charging unlike most places . the instructor was kind and helpful . also the studio is well maintained and clean . nni pre purchased a 5 class pass that day . much to my dismay the very next morning a groupon for a much  deal popped up . it was for first time  only . technically i was no longer a first time student . i emailed the owner and she was awesome about it she let me cancel my original purchase and get the groupon deal instead . i have a feeling i am going to become a long time  of this studio due to its wonderful business ethic and  classes .
__label__pos gabriel saved my blonde hair i went  about a month ago in a pool with way too much chlorine for my  light blonde hair . after weeks of using dechlorinating shampoo and conditioner to no  i looked for a color correcting god . dye has never touched my hair before so i was very nervous but after two appointments with gabriel i am happy to say my hair looks better than ever the first appointment he used a detox mud mask that took out about 80 of the green color caused by mineral  . the  day he gave me perfectly natural blonde highlights around my crown and washed the rest of my hair with a bleachshampoo  that took all the  out of my hair my hair now looks like it did when i was sixteen and looks completely natural couldnt be happier
__label__neg well i have to  first that i have been here before and had decent service between 3 and 4 stars ... but the time i decide to  for my  bday and spend the most money here i ever have  out to be the worst they have a sushi  that quotes 13 pieces ... 13 pieces of sushi right wrong 6 pieces of legit sushi 1 piece of imitation krab and 6 pieces of a freakin california roll are you kidding me your going to say i get 13 pieces of sushi verbatime and six of those are 1 california roll . anyways so we asked them to  it back and order something with more sushi and more expensive . unfortunately our snooty  didnt appreciate that nor have any interest in our reasoninig . so the rest of the evening we had a krap experience from our server.nnwhatever i have been there about 7 times now they have a cool bartender there light skinned guy with braids decent happy hour and soso sushi for arizonas sakes . this is better the wasabi sushi atleast ... but if your not set on sushi try gordon biersch the keg or the mexican place in that mall for happy  first .
__label__pos great  with   .   to    comfortable bed nice shower and adequate pool.nnegative there are no drawers in the room . literally no drawers . there are some shelves in the bathroom but there is not a single drawer in the whole room . nwe had a 3 month old infant when we stayed here for 4 days and the drawers would have helped . however not a huge issue.ni read some reviews that were annoyed with the air conditioner . i am a really light sleeper and i had no issues with the air conditioner . nalso rooms on the west side are nicer because you get a sunset view of tempe town lake .
__label__neg horrible customer service . went into the  store  to put together a whole  configuration couldnt get any help even from a manager . walked  out again after being pointed to a couple of wonky computers and told figure out your own  . no one would help us even  we repeated asked for assistance . obviously they dont mind  sales  out the door ... nnfun store . abysmal service . will spend our money elsewhere .
__label__neg if you like really dry overcooked ribs and tips come to this place . we came with a big  and it was already packed so we decided to do carryout . it turned out to be 30 mins of waiting in a small cramped restaurant with people  walking by forcing you to move when our food finally came . there was also a guy walking out telling me not worth the wait . i didnt think too much of it because the place  promising . we went  to eat it and took about 10 mins  out who ordered what . they place all of our  together in 3 bags which was fine but they didnt labeled anything . we ordered the combo which included pulled pork slab of ribs and rib tips . i only tried the ribs and tips but they were really dry and the sauce didnt make it any better . i have tried many  ribs but this one definitely dont cut it . as busy as it gets here the guy was right definitely not worth the wait .
__label__pos  outstanding.nnsimple  .  bartenders .  atmosphere . old school jazz . and most importantly worldclass cocktails.nnthey have a cool cocktail list on the wall featuring 68 creations form cocktail guru dale degroff who i understand had a hand in starting the bar . also there is a huge cocktail bible on the bar so you can order just about anything your heart desires . the key to any great cocktail bar is being able to rely on the recommendations of the  and embury was definitely on point . the most interesting drink of the night was the fausts pact that was made with muddled jalapenos though everything was very good.nnnext time im in pittsburgh id definitely go out of my way to make a stop by embury for a couple cocktails .
__label__neg i used to like this place but it appears that the entire staff changed including the cooks . i ordered the salt and pepper shrimp because its delicious . this  they battered and fried the shrimp with the shell still on . it   the  of battering the shrimp . you bite into it and your  is greeted by a shell . in  to eat the shrimp you have to peel the shell an batter off . makes no sense . i was told by the new manager britney that its always how its prepared . i dont believe it . ive ordered this  before and it was never like this . well ay least the shrimp on my  noodles were peeled ...
__label__pos   pour le  dans le  . les endroits conviviaux ne sont pas lu00e9gion   environs  un du00e9jeuner copieux et recherchu00e9  valois est donc devenu la suggestion par du00e9faut lorsque je ne veux pas me casser la tu00eate et bien manger . la terrasse lu00e9tu00e9 est agru00e9able .
__label__neg first and lasting imression aria is the euroclubby version of the other casinos.nnthe interior was not designed in traditional casinoform . it looks much different than the other casinos on the  in that it has much more a trendynightclub feel . even the encore at the wynn a new hotel still looks like an upscale casino but aria reminded me of a string of  and trendy bars with contemporary minimalist decorating . the lighting is much darker than the other hotels but the foot traffic in the casino was heavy and people were at the tables . nnthe spa is  but again there werent people utilizing the facility there rather just walking through viewing it is very welldecorated like some yoga   . the restaurants looked uninviting to families dark  and each with a unique coloredglow but probably appealing to a younger single crowd . busiest areas in the hotel were the casino the under 18arcade and the foodcourtstyle dining options as would be  given the time of year and economic climate .
__label__neg this was hands down the worst stay ive had in vegas . aria takes itself so seriously but lacks any sort of substance . everything about this place is wrong from the overdone technology that barely functions to the almost inedible room service.nni booked a room at the sky suites . the stay started off well enough with a  picking me up and taking me to the private entrance . the free lounge area was nice except for the scores of other guests scurrying to hoard as much free stuff as possible . the frenetic atmosphere of this area reminded me more of a shoneys than a classy lounge.nnthe technology in the room was excessive and barely worked . the jets in the jacuzzi tub turned on randomly . we ordered  pizzas from room service that were without a doubt the worst pizzas ive ever had in my life . and ive had a lot of pizza.. the entire pie was about 4 inches thick . the crust was 0.25 inches the sauce 0.25 inches and im not kidding about 3.5 inches of disgusting  quality cheese was piled on top . and they charged almost 50 for it.nnit didnt end there . to try to make up for the horrible heartburn suffered from room service i looked for a coffeemaker or some other device to make tea . none in the room . i called room service and they wanted 4 to deliver it to me . nnwe asked them not to clean our room . they called 3 separate times to confirm this and then started to clean our room at 1130 pm when we were out and when we complained no  cared.nnaria should rename itself kafka because the cold indifference of the staff was really the icing on the cake . in the most  tone they could possibly muster the front desk  to care about my terrible stay . with so many better hotels in  dont make the same mistake i did and choose aria .
__label__neg first and foremost i should tell you im giving them 1 star simply because i cant give them 0 stars.nni  a room for  days during edc  had an early flight so i called a few days beforethursday to see if they allowed early checkin was told absolutely . we arrived 830900am to find that their system had been down since tuesday and they couldnt checkin until 300. shouldnt i have been  that when i called on thursday after walking the strip in 100 degree heat all morning i went back to aria around 100 to see if anything had changed it hadnt . i hung out in the lobby until 300 only to find that checkin had been pushed to 500 because the computer system wasnt back up .  me this what did we do before computers  there are 500 people in the lobby waiting to checkinthe line wraps around the building . and whats being done absolutely nothing . nnway to go aria we paid a premium price for a premium experience and what do we get a day of vacation absolutely wasted .
__label__neg four of us had the buffet last saturday night .  price 187.00. this  into a grossly nightmare . for the next three days three of us experienced gastric pain vomiting etc . awful awful experience . i called the front desk who  me to the buffett manager who passed it off to security for an investigation . obviously  will be done . please  of the seafood  . this ruined our whole trip . we didnt dare  our room .
__label__pos this is one of the better hotels ive stayed at in las vegas . take this review with a grain of salt because ive stayed at  of craptacular hotels especially in my  days . im  rodeway inn hooters riviera circus circus . i thought i was bout dat life when i was in my twenties.thought i was doing it big . ha.nnaria is a modern hotel with really awesome conveniences that one would expect at this price point . i believe they were charging 450 the night we  . when the  and i walked in we were greeted with a spacious room modern decor a mandigo sized bed and views of the strip that were gnar . everything in the place was controlled by a tablet that allowed you to open and close the blackout curtains dim the lights . very convenient . very pimp . very fresh prince of bel air.nnthe  and checkin is like lindsey lohan . a hot  . however once you get through that painful line it is all good in the hood.nni  cant see myself staying at a hooters or circus circus again . i cant .
__label__pos this i one of the  and most beautiful hotels and casinos here in  . the  and the style is  . the bellagio better look out the arias  do rival the water shows at the   stunning and a well thought out layout make the aria a  gem
__label__pos stayed for 3 nights on business in early june . had a really nice experience . it was a pricy which is no big deal if the company pays for everything . im not sure i could afford to stay otherwise . my room was just beautiful . the bed was huge and comfy . the  was spacious and lovely . i had a great view from my room through the gigantic wall of windows . njaviers restaurant was delicious and not crazy expensive everything in vegas is  expensive . i expected the trip to be exhausting but was able to  and enjoy myself . nthe only problem was a very very long line for check in which took over 30  and long lines for all of the  that served any  foods in the morning as in woah huge lines .  it is a sleek gorgeous place  to navigate and a great stay .
__label__neg i should preface this by saying im a bit of a hotel snob . maybe not snob but due to work ive  spent multiple years of my life living in hotels which is more than most people . ive had great stays at inexpensive places because they keep things clean and care about their guests and ive had lousy stays at expensive places because they dont do these things . aria falls somewhere in between.nnactually no aria falls on the lower end of the spectrum.nnthe nonhotel parts are great . the restaurants are nice and overpriced as expected the casino is lovely the shops are overpriced as expected etc . if i didnt actually stay there i probably would have given it 4 stars.nnhowever the room quality was lousy . first off there was a big section of peeling wallpaper in the corridor leading to my room . really tape or glue would solve that until it could be properly fixed . im shocked that a hotel would allow that to be in the guests sight especially when it tries to market itself as luxurious.nnthe room itself was meh at best . the bedside tablet to control the room is such a gimmicky joke and might have been slightly impressive 12 years ago . its a slow laggy system with a lousy user interface and its completely asinine to use something such as this for simple functions such as changing the channel on the tv or turning the lights on or off . unfortunately i was stuck using it to change the tv channels because the remote was dead . speaking of dead so was the minibar . it was  a few degrees below room temperature at the most . if youre going to use convenience to tempt me with soda sparkling water and various alcohols at 500 of retail they at least need to be nice and cold.nni ordered room service exactly once and the food was absolutely lousy . i would have thought they  manage a decent bowl of ramen there are worldclass ramen houses literally within a few miles of this hotel so people around here should know what its supposed to taste like and it was beyond disappointing.nnthe kicker is that my opinions are this low when it didnt  me a dime . corporate expense account for the lot of it . had i been actually paying to stay here i would have checked out within a couple hours of checkin . i can literally say its barely worth staying here for  . it seems like if you want to  the cash for one of their upper level suites you can have a great experience but after this initial experience im not going to give them the chance when i come back for pleasure instead of business.nnto be fair the aria did stand out for me in one area and one area alone the staff . everyone i interacted with from the front desk to the waitstaff to housekeeping to the valets concierge casino staff convention area staff etc . were all pleasant and professional . the staff are the only reason why this place gets a generous two stars instead of one .
__label__pos  at vdara 101103.  a   . a very contemporary artfilled hotel very hightech . room was on the 47th floor with a view upgraded without even asking . beautiful furnishings comfortable bed very clean . bathroom was a bit small for the price point one sink toilet was not in separate water closet and the water pressure in the shower could have been a bit better . the refrigerator is quite small kitchen items and utensils provided upon request as are robes.nnfree bottled water is provided daily and free use of the gymfitness facility 25 charge for the spa if you do not book a service.nna very quiet nongaming property but it was a bit difficult to find your way to the strip and out of the city center complex both on foot and by car . the signage was not very clear or large.nnoverall a good experience at  .
__label__pos i would give this place all the stars but we had some  regarding our room keys as well as dealing with the front desk staff .  that the service was great the best part about the vdara and the surrounding casinos in the area is its location sandwiched right in the middle of the strip you have everything you want  malls casinos nightlife etc and still retreat to the hotel after youve had your fill and need to replenish your strength 2hr  suffice to start the madness all over again.nnvalet staff is dope bell services were dope housekeeping was  room  food was delicious but we just had an issue with the front desk with our keys . my brother ended his night early at 2am on one night and he had to wait an hour downstairs to get back into our room . our second issue with front desk was when we were looking for a lost item in the room . we were asked to wait in the lobby while they made the necessary phone call to security to check the male at the desk never got back to us on our query even when there no longer were lines of people who needed servicing . when i had gone back up to the desk and asked the lady working next to him to please follow up she got us our help in less than 5 minutes . all this while the first worker was listening he didnt even bother to acknowledge that he helped me previously.nnthe panoramic suite that we had was awesome i wish it was my apartment just not in vegas if that was the case id probably be in a lot of trouble every weekend hopefully not every night . the one other thing i did not like was that the pool was unavailable due to construction the weekend we were there we should have had some of the hotel fees  that . all in all i would still return here because i really do like the fact that vdara is a hotel resort and not a  resort .
__label__pos one of my favorite places to stay in vegas in fact ive stayed here now 2 years in a row and am just as impressed the second  as i was the first . the hotel is beautiful modern and very  . there isnt a casino in the hotel itself however you can go to the aria mandarin or the cosmo ... all within city center ... if you  to play . what im disappointed by is 3 years ago i enjoyed a  lunch at silk but the last 2 years theyve had a sign for private party out front . the market cafe is great for breakfast and affordable . most impressive are the rooms  if you  a room with a view on a  floor . lastly if you like to work out this is the place for you the gym is well  .
__label__pos staying at vdara this  made our vegas  100xs better everything about our two bedroom penthouse  was amazing plus the  that the resort is 100 nonsmoking was an added bonus will definitely stay in the vdara    forward
__label__pos mandarin oriental is a lovely quiet spot in the center of the hubbub of vegas . the hotel is entirely smoke free and quiet as there is no casino . the rooms are well appointed with a comfortable bed large bathroom and some great tech features . nneverything in the room is remote controlled from the lights to the  curtains to the temperature and the alarm . you can even choose multiple settings for the alarm so you can wake to peaceful scenery on the tv screen while birds chirp and the curtains slowly open to let the morning light in . nnthere are a couple of did sides to this hotel which is why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5. first the pillows are terrible . they are large and hard . they dont have soft or foam pillow options . second the hotel is not connected to the rest if city center in a clean way . you have to walk up through a fees walkways to get to the aria or through the taxi  to get to the street neither of which is particularly safe or  . nnoverall i would return to the mzndarin oriental . they have several nice touches that bring it into the  hotel category . my favorites are the complimentary ride back to the airport in a  mercedes the bath  for the huge tub the personal high end  and the technical integration of the functions in the room .
__label__neg i was looking forward to staying at this hotel . someone broke into our room   and stole 1000  from our room . we called security who took down our info and said we could follow up with them . they moved us to  similar room . security acknowledged that our first room door was broken . the lock wasnt closing . but after we left they never tried to  us . isnt it enough that we go and lose money at the casino but someone gets to  in because of their  and we arent given any kind of remuneration nnthe  at the casino was bad and very unhealthy . the food was all deep fried and my bf who is diabetic passed out after dinner .
__label__neg this is the    the first room i checked into was infested with bugs then they moved me to a room that obviously had not been cleaned since the prior guest  . i called to  and they told me to  the extra blanket in the  since the comforter on the bed was dirty and stained . then a few days after i checked out my  card was charged a 300 cleaning fee for nothing
__label__neg okay it wasnt that bad . as others mention counter girl was a little icy didnt greet us when we walked in didnt thank us after our order didnt  if wed like fries w that . nnburgers were okay and came w a small floppy pickle . nnof the 25 or so words illuminated on the  tacky  that serves as the cramped modernminimalist restaurants only art warm was the only that could be  to the main course . not lipsmacking or delicious . warm.nnmoderate outdoor seating area off to the  . wheelchair accessible w minimal finagling . pricing comparable to the carls jr 6 burger.nndefinitely wouldnt recommend it to a friend but it wasnt the worst place ive ever eaten .
__label__neg let me start off by saying i usually cut my own hair . my tastes are simple and easy to accomplish on my own . that being said i decided to step out of my comfort zone a little and have someone else do my hair . i had heard from a few friends at the gym that this place is the absolute best place to get your hair cut if you want a little style in your life . i decided to  it a go and let me  you i am not impressed.nwhen i  arrived i had to wait almost an hour before i was even acknowledged then another 30  before i was actually  to do the deed . i dont know the guys name who cut my hair but i know for a fact that it was not elliot . the guy i guess just did not pay  because all i asked was for about 3 inches off and to make it look a little messy . i guess that was too hard because i wound up with a disaster.nat the shop it looked fine in the mirror . when i got home though my bros were a little concerned because my hair looked lopsided . sure enough i go check the three wall  i have and it was lopsided . not only was the thickness on the left about twice what was on the right but the right was about an inch shorter . i was so embarrassed.ni guess in the long run it turned out okay because i wound up cutting all my hair off which is a new look for me and i like it . the  is that i am out 75 bucks and i had to cut my hair myself . not cool .
__label__neg this was my fallback place when rebels pizza closed down for a little while but there were quite a few issues . as soon as rebels reopened i went back and will  come back to this place.nnthings that big mamas has failed massively on includenn1 making me wait 20 minutes before taking my order because the owner wanted to fuck around with a soda display . i was the only person in the restaurant . i could understand a wait because my food was cooking etc but to make me wait simply because you want to load soda on a shelf thats not even  for that seriouslynn2 same visit a customer comes in and attempts to order a special thats advertised outside . the owner says sorry . its not a special anymore . customer says but its advertised outside right now . owner says too bad . i  its not a special anymore.nn3 sent my  in to pick up an order and they would not let him have a copy of the receipt . i had to watch my bank statement for quite a while to ensure they didnt charge more.nn4 brought in a restaurant.com coupon . suddenly the prices for my food increased . how am i paying more for food when i dont have a coupon than when i do just because im using a coupon doesnt mean my 8.99 pizza suddenly becomes 16. had rebels been open id have left right there . nn5 jacked their price from 8.99 for a large  item to 10.99. oh and those are only walkin prices . if you try ordering that online or delivery expect to pay 20ish . nnfor those of you considering getting the  for this place dont . seriously its not worth it .  to whazz up pizza or enzos and spend less money for better food . youll thank me later .
__label__neg by the pool with 7 friends today we ordered from this place because it was nearby . 90 minutes later and 2 checkup phone calls we had yet to  the slightest  of a delivery . we were told by the  there we can not control traffic . the traffic youre 4 miles  . its thursday and its 315 pm.nafter reading the other reviews we  our  .  minutes seriously nif there was a pizza college this company obviously didnt graduate from it .
__label__pos i live close to this restaurant and decided to try it last night with a friend . glad we did . we made it for the reverse happy hour 93011pm at the lounge . fyi the  is towards the north part of the building . the food and well drinks are like 37 and since we are in vegas i thought they would bring out happy hour sized portions like other restaurants do but instead they bring out regular sized portions at happy hour  what a novel concept . its so funny how some restaurant advertise happy hour and the portions are so  . imagine ordering ribs at happy  and getting one rib for 3. i mean come on thankfully this place doesnt do that.nnwe ordered the pizza bc i was hungry and i didnt want to chance not liking the first dish . we then ordered the pickle chips jambalaya clam chowder and bbq pork sliders . in all honesty were not fat people we just didnt know the size of the portions . vegas does this to diners perceptions . you have to over order to get a full meal nowadays . all the food ordered was great but the chowder and pork  were a  salty . n nthe bartender kitty was great but they lost a star bc they had a dvd of that ugly annoying dolt harry connick jr. on repeat . i was ready to scream . i could never get used to hearing his music .
__label__pos big  is        beer floats its always worth waiting for even during season behind the blue hairs .
__label__neg ive been a few times now and i  dont get the appeal . the place seems a  hodgepodge in their decor the food isnt very good not  but why go out and spend money on mediocre food and the service is pretty slow . ive tried a couple  dishes and id prefer to go to a carryout place for this type of  food . my  dont waste your time or money .
__label__neg craving tex mex eggrolls and cajun jambalaya pasta and their famous ultimate margaritas we decided to go for dinner early . wow this place has really gone down the tubes . sat at the bar and the bartender michael was quite attentive and friendly and made outstanding cocktails for us . placed an order for the tex mex egg rolls while we perused the menu . it  15  for the  to appear after we mentioned it was taking a while . low and behold they had been dying a slow death under the heat lamp crying for sunscreen . i love love love the avocado cream sauce so made sure to order extra on the side ... well needless to say extra wasnt on the plate when the manager brought over the dead tex mexers . waaaa but easily remedied right  apparently not because the mgr brought over a remoulade sauce that is served with crab cakes instead ... yuck yuck still cant get the taste out of my mouth . nnokay so far this can all be overlooked but we ordered the ribeye rare to medium rare  it would come out not overcooked . well so sad it came out medium well ... . my cajun jambalaya heavy sauce had no flavor and was a  disappointment . the manager charles was genuinely concerned and was accommodating but i guess when it rains it pours . we just happened to be the unfortunate ones to get rained on this  . i will go back but probably not for entrees only ultimate margaritas and apps at the bar .
__label__neg let me just start off by saying that i love buffets . ive tried them all from the rios carnival to red rocks feast buffet . i rarely find a buffet that doesnt impress me but that is just what happened at studio b. it started off just fine my girlfriend and i got in line and when we came to the cashier she was real nice . we got our discount for using our players card and got in line to be seated and saw the decor of the buffet and it looked real nice . we were then taken to our seat near a window with a nice view of the  . nice . that was the extent of my satisfaction with this buffet . ni head to the buffet and i like to scope out all the different types of foods . i first notice that there were no signs above the areas stating the type of culture the food was i.e . some places will have a  or something saying american or korean . so i figured i would just have to rely on the signs with the food  what each item was . there were none . nothing to let me know what food was what . didnt know if i was putting mandarin chicken on my plate or mongolian pork . didnt know what the pastas were because there were no labels . no labels for the soups . i just had to assume i knew what i was doing . so i grab a few familiar foods cant go wrong with white rice and head back to my table only to find people  at it . huh i see a waitress and ask her what the deal was and she said they moved us . moved us wow thats new to me . so i sit down and our waitress asks what we want to drink we order 2 diet cokes and begin to eat . about 10 minutes later which in las vegas buffet time is an hour i see our waitress loaded with drinks strolling around with a dumbfounded look on her face as to what drinks go where . she begins to hand off drinks to various tables and with 1 drink left passes by our table when i ask her where our drinks were . she says oh diet ok take this one . she gives us her leftover that she couldnt find ... and the soda was flat . nnow for my second plate . i want meat so i go to the carving  and look at what they have . i see the turkey and i approach and ask for a couple of slices note i love thanksgiving i love turkey stuffing mashed potatoes gravy and all that . i get a couple of slices and look around ... .um ... wheres the turkey gravy to my chagrin the cook tells me there is none . what you have turkey but no gravy ya replied the cook i dont get it either . so what am i supposed to drench my stuffing with ... wait ... theres no stuffing either thats right . no turkey gravy . no stuffing . just dry turkey . and the mashed potatoes are in a completely different area . i ask the cook had anyone else asked about there being no labels with any of the food and his response was yesterday just about everyone asked that . now im losing hope . nfinally i begin to make my way to the dessert area which is a line like you would see at a cafeteria . 50 of it was flan and when finally reaching the only thing that looked appealing the gelatto i asked for some . the lady presented my scoop and instead of asking anything else or is that enough or anything to the sort instead she rudely tells me to please me  . i felt like i was in the soup nazi episode of seinfeld . funny thing is i had to backtrack the line just to get to the toppings we ate dessert and left for home . but it doesnt end there . our total was about 34 dollars for the both of us after our discount . however when we got home and my girlfriend checked her online statement they had somehow charged her 41 ugh ... so now were trying to get this fixed . nall in all this was the worst experience i have ever had at any buffet and if it was possible to give it zero stars for wasting my time i would . mr. marnell wants to cut down on outsourcing to other owners and adding multiple investors in his property to ensure better  service but last night felt more like he was cutting corners . i do not recommend this buffet to anyone .
__label__pos solid buffet . hated the line but that just means its worth waiting for . all the food seemed standard for a buffet but it was just a  bit better than standard . the set up is  spacious and open . not once did i    during prime dinner time . nntake advantage of the all you can drink beer and wine area . or if youre like me all you can drink   p. what stands out the most to me is the dessert area . theres a variety of choices in textures besides the annoying cream type of desserts that are in shot glasses . gelato is bomb . the barista section is cool . did i say that the gelato is 
__label__pos all you can eat and drink oh yeah ive been  to try this place for so long . the drive is 10miles from the strip but well worth it . i came here for the saturday brunch with my boys . we ate and drank up a storm . this place is really big and well  up . the number of foods to choose from were out of this world . ill recommend some of my  things to eat.nnsalmon sushi some pieces were beautifully fatty . i ate loads of this and  away the rice . nnprime rib when you get a fatty one thats cooked medium rare then its awesome . so  and tender . nnmimosa  amounts of champagne and oj . i left this place stumbling nnsmoked salmon bagels seriously the salmon here is too good this normally would cost 10 for one . i ate so much of it . nnthose were the items i kept coming back to . they really had so much to choose from . i would definitely come back here .
__label__neg  in line for  and when you get to the front of the line you will understand why you were  so incredibly long . the most disorganized staff ive ever seen . definitely not up to vegas standard . my  and i were so pissed that by the time we got up to the front of the line we didnt  how  the food was because the customer  was so awful . not going back .
__label__pos rooms are  elegant . you should  for a room facing the strip . awesome viewncomfortable on the table games not so crowded like the downtown and strip  . staff friendly machines  be set looser .   to  comp  ... .
__label__pos yum perhaps not the best pizza out there but one hell of a fine  if youre in leith.nnthe lunch specials are where  favorita  on quality and  . u00a38.95 nets you a main and drink or u00a311.95 with a  . the pizzas are large enough to satiate a full appetite or even to be split if you only have the munchies.nnthe mushrooms on their pizzas are the perfect   and flavorful and a perfect compliment to the pepperoni . with some chili oil youve got proper flavor in abundance
__label__pos i love this place . great food attentive servers great vibe . i  recommend this place i have been here 4 times on 3 different  to  and it has been so consistently lovely i  to  a review . thanks cracked   and the stuffed  toasts are divine .
__label__neg this is my second time at the cracked egg henderson location and the first time all i could remember was the fact that the food was delicious hence my desire to  a return trip.nnwalking in to the restaurant with my mom we were greeted by the cashier and told the wait  be 5 minutes no problem . when my name was shouted as if there was a fire mind you the hostess snatched the silverware and menus and  off to the table . she did not so much as  back to see if we were following her nor did she even say anything to us as we were seating ourselves . why oh yeah thats because she was  back at the hostess stand before we even pulled our own chairs out.nnthis  moment in customer service left an extremely sour taste in my mouth prior to even being helped by our server whos service was also sub par.nnthankfully the food was the only redeeming quality and the  cashier guy . nni thoroughly enjoy the eats at the cracked egg however we will not be returning to this location again .
__label__neg the cracked egg is not the business . nni found myself here for  with a collegue with no real expectations as to what to expect . this is your run of the  greasy spoon common in the countrys interior and you can tell that this is a locals favorite for better or worse . they keep the restaurant very clean which is a  and the service was friendly and warm.nnthe menu is extensive with all of the favorites well represented and after much  i decided to go light and try the lowfat scramble which combines egg whites scrambled with chicken diced green chiles tortilla chips and salsa . the mouth feel of this  is absolutely atrocious thanks to the soggy tortilla chips that they literally scramble with the  of the ingredients . i had a hard  figuring out what was chicken and what was tortilla chip until it was too late . tortilla chips should never be soggy this you can trust.nnthis wins worst mouth feel award for 2014. nni may have ordered poorly and therefore would consider a repeat trip but for now i can only give 2 stars worth of  .
__label__pos if youre looking for great chicagostyle pizza rosatis is the place to  . as a new las vegas resident its been my task to find decent pizza and rosatis brings the flavor and quality of those small chicagoland pizzarias to the las vegas area . delivery service usually takes an hour but the hour is well worth it as  are delivered hot and wellmade . the buffalo wings are delicious and mozzarella sticks are good . nnrosatis thincrust pizza is delicious and exactly as its made in chicago . the  is delicious and the italian sausage is flavorful and slightly spicy . nnrosatis deepdish is great with chunks of tomato in the sauce.nntheir pan pizza is very similar to chicagostyle pans . my only complaint is that the crust could use some  flavor maybe a more   . nnoverall ive  this rosatis for delivery 32 times since i discovered it in march 2011. excellent food quality and fair delivery times .
__label__pos my boss took me out to lunch here once and i was very pleasantly surprised at the flavor and price of the lunch specials . mostly everything i have tried at tandoori times has been good . the naan is so fresh and warm and when you request spicy thats what you get . enter the mango lassi which is really good . it   your mouth when youre eating  fiery.nnthe only thing i have a complaint about are the tandoori appetizer wings as there was less  on them than i have seen on any chicken wing  it was way too spicy . i also felt like 10 was way too much to ask when you have to basically get your nutrition from the dish by sucking on bones . but hey ... who am i to judge right had they toned the flavor just a bit on that dish i might have given it another try . however bleeding from my esophagus is not how id like to spend my lunch hour . nnaside from the wings from hell i love  times . it is  affordable and right around the corner from my job . 4 stars .
__label__neg imnntypingnnthisnntonndemonstratennthennservicennspeednnverynnslow.nnseriously 45 minutes for dinner to arrive and after dinner coffee it was chai tea took twenty minutes . there were only six of us . went there to meet friends for dinner . food was okay . i wont be back .
__label__neg do not waste your money or time . went here on a recommendation do not  your time unless you think a square piece of frozen fish that they cook for you is good the shrimp terrible . staff was rude asked for ketchup with my frys was told to  to the store and get some if i wanted it . was not expecting anything great but did expect a  more than pre made frozen processed fish and shrimp . at least long john silvers and  ds batter their own .  not  eat my  it was that bad .
__label__pos  in the southside area of town my brother and i decided to meet a friend for dinner . i am pleased that we went here a healthy variety of beers on tap true irish fare on the dinner menu and even  on the televisions i had the full irish breakfast complete with  sausage black and white pudding and a fried  . it was heavenly and goes  with a frosty pint of guinness . the wait staff was  extremely friendly and happy to bring a fresh beer over before the other was finished . they were quite busy that night but it was refreshing to see them on top of things . if youre in the  for good food and  beer at a fair price i recommend this place . i know ill be back there next time im in town
__label__pos  spacious   and  bread  great irish music  the  time we were there .  of craic
__label__neg i came here saturday night for a comedy show that amy d was putting on with several other comics.nnthis place is located in a strip mall next to an ajs off in a corner . it was my first time here and it had a nice patio for outdoor seating right as you walk up . walking in the place was large with plenty of seating . tables throughout the place mostly 4 tops from what i could see along with large booths around the back for larger parties.nnbeing that i came alone i wasnt sure where to sit . it was kind of open seating but most of the tables were already taken by other parties . i found it a bit awkward even if i had brought a date or friend with me because i wasnt sure if i was supposed to join other people or just kind of stand around and hope a  opened up for me to sit at . minus one for seating arrangments ... ..not sure how that would work if i was with 1 or 2 other random folks where we would have sat ... .nneventually i found the rest of the group for amy ds group and i sat with them . i had a total of 3 drinks that night . 2 cokes and a summertime booze mixed drink . heres where i found another issue that kinda through me for a loop . one of the people i sat with ordered a guiness ... ..the waitress came back and  they were all out he ordered another type of beer and they had that in stock . nnthen i  a docs iced tea which is basically a long island . the waitress came back to tell me that they were out of one of the alcohols to make it and if i could order  else off the drink menu ... .ugh how do you host a saturday  event and run out of beer stock and certain alcohol stock i mean thats kinda sad . poor ordering on mgmts part really.nnthe service it self was awesome and our waitress was  but the alcohol thing really through me for a loop . plus the whole seating thing kinda made me think twice about coming back on my own for any other shows they may have outside of amy d performing . the comics themselves were fun to watch and it was a   out but the seating and alcohol thing kinda did me in for this place . i would only go back if amy d was doing standup here again
__label__pos this place is a  place to lounge and interact in that cool  atmosphere . the servers are always super polite and good at sticking around your table so your not left without a drink . bottles can be pricey butcmonwere in scottsdalemost  have a pricey bottle service in the areaat least here they give you the proper amount of  your paying for . ive almost always had an awesome time here wether i have a  or not . the crowd can get a bit older sometimes but there is usually a good mix . and the  is usually pretty good as well.nthey also have a pretty good cocktail listi almost always order a one a day refreshing cucumber cocktail.ni recommend this place if your looking for a nicer night out and wan na get dressed up with the girls .
__label__pos lindo michoacan is one of my favorite mexican restaurants to eat at just because the food is osodelicious . the tortillas is the best tortillas i have ever tried just because its made fresh . nnthis time i ordered the  lengua cow tongue i know it sounds nasty but  it taste good . the lengua came with rice and beans guacamole . the rice was good beans not a bean fan so didnt get it  was good . for dessert i ordered churros came with 4 small  and  cream . when i first came here i ordered the steak rancheros i would recommend trying it . nni would  recommend this place to my  and family and fellow yelpers . the service is great  is great and the place itself is nice and clean .
__label__neg prosnbeer was nice and coldnchicken wings were pretty good . ni liked that every  game was on a different tv . nnconsnqueso and  were below average . the queso looked  something youd find on the shelves of the chip aisle in your local grocery  . nwe had a bbq chicken pizza and it wasnt that great . the chicken was  and lacked flavor . the bbq sauce was average while the pizza  was very bland . nnservice was ok and i might  back for beer and wings . i dont think id  anything else on the menu
__label__pos the food here was surprisingly good i arrived to my room at the  station hotelcasino  off my  then  the gym for an hour and a half . i worked up a pretty good  so i  by the chinese restaurant in the casino and ordered the beef  fun with gravy to  . nni have to give it to this place it was a lot better than i had expected it would be . there was plenty of beef and chinese broccoli in it and tasty ho fun noodles all stir fried with a thick gravy . delishnni totally recommend stopping by here and checking it out if youre around this casino .
__label__pos love it . everything is delicious and everyone is friendly . feels like the kind of coffee shop i would   in a   town and  we had at  if that   . love the kids play area .
__label__pos romantic  restaurant in a quiet location . we  upon it by accident and i was definitely underdressed but the staff said dont worry and made me  at home.nni had the filet mignon and they let me substitute rice for  potatoes  to my  issues . food was   fresh . full bar and great meals means we will be coming back hopefully soon nnps parking is easy since they have their own private lot in back .
__label__pos not a big buffet eater however was at the  casino and was hungry . buffet is on the  floor of the casino not  but not pricey . with casino card buffet is about 6 i do not know where you can get juice coffee a full meal and desert for that priceni had turkey with a pineapple sauce which i thought was quite tasty also bbq  on a roasting spit on the day i was there . ample selection of salads and dressings pizza which i had a  not bad at all . there was a ample selection of deserts  cookies pastries and off to the side soft serve ice cream.nnyou can stop at the cheesecake factory and  a cup of coffee for 12 the price . nyou decide .
__label__pos i recently moved closer to this area and have been wanting to give lucis a try . as soon as i  in i was greeted by two super  baristas  and emily . being my first time here they were both really awesome helping me pick out what i wanted to eat and drink . this place is really cute and has a lot of awesome  and beverage options . i ordered the  nurse and an  latte with almond milk really awesome that they offer almond milk ... so tired of soy . its a nice mix of coffee  and grocer . they offer a lot of healthier options organicglutenfreevegetarian and so on . i highly recommend
__label__neg  breakfast  ive  had . it was  and tasteless even after  it with  . better off going  the  to einsteins .
__label__pos great  there was live  when we  on a friday . lots of wine to taste at  6  with about a  wines in each to  . i used the card and had 1oz tastes until i found the wine i really liked.nnnice ambiance lots of great couches and plush chairs to enjoy . intimate enough to bring a date and spaced well so you dont hear neighboring guests . nice sitting area in the middle for  parties .
__label__neg i was really  forward to going there as a date spot but a little disappointed for several  . one theyre not open very  and even 90 mins before close there was no one in there at all . two maybe it was because they were blaring some awful 90s mix music conglomerate of britney spears backstreet boys and abba that did not exactly set the mood i was hoping for . thirdly next you have to load 25  onto your card which is fine but i think for spending 50 on wine and we  a few more expensive ones but mostly the cheapest ones its barely 1 full glass for each person . youd have to spend a fortune here to even have a couple glasses each .  that with the fact that the dispensing machine malfunctioned twice in a row charging my card 7 but not dispensing any wine and it took the bartender almost 10 minutes each time to refund me  us standing there wineless alone and listening to awful 90s music . i was just disappointed because its a great  but in reality didnt pan out to be that way . i probably wont go here again on a date unless i find 100 i just cant wait to spend on 2 glasses of wine .
__label__neg ok here we gonin town to cater a fleetwood mac show thought we would try some thai foodnfirst the service so attentive they wouldnt  us alone kept asking how is everything i dont care for thatnwe had 3 of the appsnthe stuffed shrimp wrapped in rice paper and deep fried was very good   veg rolls were also very goodnthe ground chicken with iceberg lettuce was not very  dry and uninterestingnnow the entrees ni had the  thai i give it a c just not very flavorful had all of the ingredients but it was just blahnwifie had the red curry duck the red curry sauce was flavorful but the duck had been fried earlier in the day so the crunch was gone it was just real soft ill give it a cnsista in law had the cashew chicken dish boringnwhen i want thai i expect a little flair of spice and lots of freshness not here seems that they have adjusted the menu for local tastes and by doing so have missed the marknskip it
__label__neg fairly  thai  in a    in  charlotte . the crowd is heavy during the lunch rush hour and its  easy to see why . the menu is a decent collection of straightforward  dishes not too much exploration.nnthe service we had was awful i have to say . i asked about the special noodle bowl wondering if it was hot both temperature and spicy level . i literally said that both temperature and spicy and the waiter halfassed said yep its hot.nnit wasnt either . it was a cold noodle bowl and the spice was in the sauce . technically i guess you could say it was spicy but only after i doused the noodles in the sauce which was served on the side . nnthe other issue i have with this place is the price . all entrees are 913 and they do not come with a soup or salad or bread or anything but poor service . im happy to pay more for a higher quality offering but im just not convinced the value theyre offering is worth it .
__label__pos i.  . love . panera.nni loved panera  they first started springing up in my old hometown in new york and was psyched that i would have one so close to our new place here in charlotte . funny enough it took us almost five  to finally stop in . this location follows suite with all the others but the service was incredibly friendlynni always go for the take two option and went for the summer corn chowder and a half turkey  . what a great deal for less than 9 the food always tastes fresh and healthy . my husband whos never  ate at panera  agreed that it was worth coming back for lunch.nnmy only sadness was that i didnt realize that you could add on a dessert for .99 to any meal until we were on our way out . i wish that were more prominently displayed otherwise i definitely would have taken advantage of it
__label__neg i was looking  to some  good pizza . the man on the  was pleasant and helpful . today was   day so i knew he would be busy . told me it would be an hour which was fine . pizza arrived  when he said it would ... but it was soggy and lukewarm . i got a large with about 4 toppings . there was  marinara hardly any mushrooms or olives and tasted like cardboard . the sausage was like  meat . nothing like the good pizza i have gotten at others spots in town like boston pizza or metro or verizannos . i wont be calling these guys again .
__label__neg 338.00 for    and    . first he quoted me 438.00. he was here 45 minuets.nnhe wanted to rehang the ceiling fan for another 180.00 my handyman did it for 20.00nndont use mr. sparky .
__label__pos fantastic place nice people    atmosphere . its a newerage tapas bar with a james bond and 1960s turkish  theme . nnthe   tapas that range from curry chicken to steak tartare as well as a gourmet poutine .
__label__pos the food here is good but overpriced.nncleanliness 45nservice 35nfood 45n abc avocado brie caramalized onions burgern frozen hot chocolatenni dont remember why this  was famous but supposedly its in a movie or something and the original one is in new york . the decor is really girly and circuslike . our party decided to sit outside but that was probably a wrong move because it was hella windy . luckily they had some heaters on so that made it somewhat better . nnour waitress was alright . she didnt seem very personable or present . she was barely around and there werent even a lot of customers  . however this other guy with curly hair was also waiting tables nearby and eventually helped us whenever we needed something . thank you curly hair man . the supervisor or whoever that blond lady was seemed really  and mean . please take that negativity  the doors and  from the customers . i hate hearing employees getting scolded right next to any customer in a restaurant ... it makes things so awkward.nnnow for the food the abc burger was  damn good . it was kinda hard to bite because it was stacked up high . it was kind of small but enough for me . the burger  with these awesome sweet potato fries . my definite favorite . i asked for some honey mustard which made it even more bomb . the meat was cooked correctly and was full of flavor . for dessert i got the frozen hot chocolate which was alright . nothing out of this world . nnwould i come here again probably just because its vegas and those sweet potato  are always a win for me . too bad the menu is overpriced
__label__pos so cute . im a great fan of the  and so are some of my girlfriends so when we saw this place in vegas we figured well close  for now and dragged the boys in with us . nnwe came here for lunch and i seriously melted from how cute the entire place was . i ordered the seared  tuna salad and the   the chicken sandwich with the crisscut fries . i have to admit i liked his so much more . but then again anything  is usually better than greens.nnfor desert we had to get the frozen hot chocolate which was absolutely delicious . while i can see how people say that the drink is a  overrated its still pretty delicious . this place is more about the ambiance and the feel . its  chocolate milk with crushed ice whipped cream and shaved chocolate on top . you cant come here without getting this
__label__neg saw this place walking on the strip and it looked really cool with the outdoor seating overlooking it . also being from ny i know this place seems to be a hit .  we  to be seated and had to walk to the back of the restaurant and thru all the tables only to walk back to the front . a little strange but ok. our server was really nice and helpful while he was at our table but once he left it was hard to get his attention about something . i ordered a burger because i was indecisive about what to  and figured it was hard to mess up . boy was i wrong . meat was almost inedible . my boyfriend also ordered a burger but double but it didnt come with a bun so we had to pay  for one he was find with his but he eats anything so that doesnt say  . needless to say i didnt eat my burger so naturally there was room for dessert . deep  oreo sundae omg i see why this place is known for their desserts it was really good very creative and decadent  only eat about 25 between me and my boyfriend . i wouldnt go  to that specific location or maybe try the nyc location and just stick to the desserts .
__label__neg   and bad servicennmy  and i  with three kids decided to try serendipity 3 after reading some great reviews on it in our hotel places to eat booklet . they had it rated with bouchons in the venetian which is an absolutely great place to dine . serendipity was horrible..overpriced very basic root beer floats and shakes that cost half the total bill . ive had much better in johnny rockets or mcdonaldsseriously for shakes .  was bad . it took about 30 min for those basic root beer floats and shakes . then the food was bland with no taste..i had chicken pot pie my wife had the dont be afraid of my alfredo ... .be afraid of the alfredo . olive garden is better . all the entrees were  except for my sons wings ... they were ok ... not good but ok. dont fool yourself..this is not a good place to eat . vegas has so many other better choices .
__label__neg i went here because ive had so many friends and colleagues rave about this  . first of all it is packed like literally out the door packed . i come in give the  my name mine was a two person party much  than the fivesix people groups coming in and she tells me itll be ten minutes tops . alright ten minutes rolls by and people who had come in after us are being seated and we dont hear anything . i finally confront the hostess and she makes some bullcrap excuse about me not hearing my name . i was  right next to her and looking right at her the whole time we were waiting ... nnso we are finally seated and bad service aside we thought wed enjoy the food . wrong i ordered something along the line of a polenta  with bacon strips . ive made better at home . the polenta was over cooked and dry . the bacon tasted like the way your dogs bacon treat smells . the poached eggs were probably the only thing done right . i  got the tiffany expresso . it was literally a shot of expresso top with a small dollop of whipped cream and exactly yes i counted seven jimmies . thats it . for 6 dollars . i would not even be so offended had the expresso itself actually been good but it tasted like the subpar stuff they give you at starbucks . you know the kind that leaves a sour after taste in your mouth.nnmy girlfriends breakfast was just as horrible and unsatisfying . she  the eastide western omlette and it was just bland her cappuccino was entirely tasteless as well..nnthis place is not at all worth the hype time money or horrible service you get . do not be fooled by the flashy colours and your friends lies if they tell you this place is good they probably have horribly low expectations in dining .
__label__pos i  to serendipity  last year with family and friends . we went inside it was packed i  some food .  the milk shakes hot dog thats about the length of my arm and i didnt have the  to try the frozen hot chocolate . serendipity  big cakes too nman i should  here  time .
__label__neg  burger was  at  .   .   overpriced . they offer a  and frozen hot chocolate at 25 so thats what i got considering i was only coming just for the frozen hot chocolate and a regular size is 11. i also was able to try the steak sandwich which was amazing but super messy and difficult to eat as a sandwich . service was mediocre even though the restaurant wasnt busy . but the frozen oreo hit chocolate was absolutely to die for all in all come here just for the frozen hot chocolate . dont waste your money on the food .
__label__pos       my  
__label__pos while planning my vegas trip i subscribed to the groupon emails to see what kind of deals i could find . i was hoping for more food deals than i  but was lucky enough to come across the deal for mystery  my husband and i joined a group at the inn the evening that we arrived in vegas . there were three other  participating giving us a total of 12 for the evening . to start we signed a few things and were told the rules and then the story began . a mystery was  to us then we traveled to the next location to search for clues . it took us to a third location which was done up fantastically they really worked the locations into a good mystery . our group  well together and with a little assistance from our driver joe i think his name was we solved the mystery there were drinks and snacks available to  on the bus and we got a certificate and prize at the end . this was something fun and off the beaten path to do in vegas and i would definitely recommend it and maybe even try it again on my next visit and with a new  to solve
__label__pos good food ... good and friendly service . cant complain . a little pricey for the portions  . we   here on a saturday night if you get there before  i dont think there is much waiting for general tables . we got sushi smaller portioned  fyi but id  . and we got the gyoza . not too bad . all was tastey . oh and try the sake bombers 
__label__pos went here on a tuesday night after germany  brazil in a  world cup match . the night was very comfortable so we sat  along the river . we had the hofbrau  weizen beer the bavarian  and a dunkel bourbon chicken sandwich . all were excellent . the  was efficient and attentive . my son who is attending school in pittsburgh said he was definitely   with his friends . the price seemed very reasonable less than 90 for three .
__label__pos    and     . i went with hofbrauhaus wurstlplatte grilled bierwurst bratwurst and frankfurter with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut . very fresh cooked to perfection . also i  with a sampler of their draft beers . i did like their premium lager but other beers seemed flat to me .
__label__neg we got here before opening they open an hour after the  opens and were   by several people who walked past us.nnwolfgang heres some helpful tips to increase businessnn1 we just wanted coffee tea and a sweet roll . you  to have a  section or counter in the front that opens  and has these items for purchase.nn2 if your staff passes by someone standing in the doorway and makes eye contact they should at least greet the person with a hello . i know that it was before opening but if your door is unlocked and people are buzzing around its common courtesy to  a person . we just wanted to ask if we could come back when you open and get coffee or tea to go .
__label__neg underwhelming.nnthe m is a sleek place and everything is so beautifully done . all of their eateries are so  but unfortunately always fail to deliver . the layout and design of terzetto is gorgeous and looks like something youd find further north on the strip . their menu is not uber creative but it has the steakhouse staples . nni went with a  of seven and the service was fantastic . our server was timely attentive and helpful  the place wasnt exactly packed . the service was the  part of the night.nnthe food however was merely underwhelming . the  were cooked appropriately but lacked any real beef flavor and the allimportant char . sure im not paying 50 for a bonein rib eye like at  or carnevino but in order to compete in this economy and market it should still taste as good . the sides were good but not very memorable.nnterzetto is a value in that prices are below what youd find at the better  . unfortunately you get what you pay for and this place is underwhelming .
__label__neg i had the  dish with   . wife had the  mien . both items were  and  in flavor . sad i had high  after seeing the reviews .  i am not sure it makes a difference i am neither vegan or vegetarian .
__label__pos i i am blown  . i took  very nonvegan friends . they loved it and said theyd go again . the staff was extremely warm and  to change around the dish i ordered to  my raw vegan diet . they answered every question i had how it was prepared and all the ingredients . their name is accurate they are loving . the  was delicious fresh and plated with  . the rose drink the pink lady was actually the  drink ive ever had . as a chef and a raw  i am incredibly appreciative of my entire experience and the clean radiating pureness of the entire establishment .
__label__pos chandler  this kind of burger joint . had lunch there for first time  . excellent chili burger with cheese  spudcut  .  offers burgers doubles and  as well as sandwiches and shakesnnjust a casual counterservice eat intakeout joint with friendly  and excellent burgers at  prices.nngive it a try no disappointments here .
__label__pos i   id love  catfish  curry . i guess archis has given me a reason to . its called chuchi here and it has both  and  in one dish . i get it at level 7 cus i  the spices from thai cuisine . we always have celebrations here or sometimes just roll deep for no reason . id say its prolly the last great thing standing at village square besides the movie theater next door .
__label__pos good food reasonable prices and clean almost swanky atmo . ni had papaya salad tofu panang and some kind of delicious coconut  ... i  it a 7 on the  scale of 110 and it was  .  would   here again ...
__label__neg i had a couple beers and my bike was  stolen so i needed delivery . i shoud have just walked  . this was not  . the falafel looked like little cat turds and didnt  much better . the fries were ok but cmon theyre fries if youre going to order have more  than i did . it might be better that way . they also charge a  fee and ask you to  tip .
__label__neg an incredibly disappointing  . pad khing with beef had absolutely no  or flavor in general and had the taste and consistency of  lean cuisine . the only flavor to the prik pao with chicken was the red pepperchili oil which to its credit made it slightly more palatable than the pad  . the vegetables on both dishes were soggy and flavorless . likewise the fresh rolls tasted  they were rolled the day before with wilted  and a rubbery wrapper.nnwe ordered relatively simple dishes . the food we received suggests that the quality of the ingredients and the skill of the cooks are both   .
__label__pos   for    . nnall  include tax . for 8 veg . or 9 nonveg . you will be completely filled by their 3choice thali plates which include salad rice naan and papadum.nthe 5 wraps are also a fantastic valuequality . nthe owner and the gentleman with the turban are really nice . nni wish they would offer a bhuna or rogan josh fish as a protein would be nice too and the washroom and decor should be improved but but at least they usually play decent indian music and not crappy top 40 radio
__label__pos ive always heard people talk about this restaurant and finally made it up there  night . it was  for a tuesday night and food was really yummy . when we first sat down they brought roasted  and balsamicolive oil . the waitress suggested a great glass of  and we picked our plates . we shared the frites quail lettuce wraps the gnocchi korean beef and the chocolate cupcake for dessert . the frites needed something perhaps it was just  ketchup the  wraps were spicy and gingery the gnocchi was wonderful full of mushrooms and delicious chicken . the korean beef was really nice on a fried white rice like actually deep fried . the  was really yummy . it seemed to have two kinds of chocolate in it and the meringue was light as melted  .
__label__pos strike the background music by the commodores three times a lady ... yes youre once twice three times a laaaady . and i loooove youuuuu  . after c4 . after the clarendon kitchen . we now have gallo blanco . and i am muy happy about this . the carne asada  are heavenly perfectly seasoned and served in the cutest taco rack . im now combing every william sonoma to find these puppies . our mango fresco juice  thingie was so refreshing i wanted to jump right in rickie  the roasted  was succulent . ok. so he didnt say succulent . i think yummy was the word . the decor is modern and comfortable . i love how they really opened up the room . it is light airy and has great  . including our bedroom window ... ooops ... maybe i shouldnt have mentioned that . omg . we just  our trip to disney  got ta go oh . eat here . now
__label__neg the bar is amazing but the staff is horrible . i have sent over 13 complaints to try to get a response from the  or bar manager and have been ignored . we had our reception at this bar and it was a nightmare . unorganized rude staff the waitresses could care less about anything accept for flirting with bartenders ... its so bad that the first time we  i had a drink and a sundae which was amazing but gave the girl a 100 bill and she came with  for a 20. i had to fight with her until she magically found the 100 bill i should have known this was a good  but because we used to love toby we tried our reception there . from  to finish it was a mess and we have wrote letters called emailed hand delivered notices and  has called us back . finally i called and tried to book a party for 100 people and got a call from jenn in the booking department . i told her it was the only way i could get a call back ... still ignored i could go on and on about how rude the staff is and how bad the owners have treated us after we had an  incorrect bill of 400.00 that night when we told the waitress in advance not once but 3 different times to cap us off at 250.00 ... .not once were we  for bringing so many people in that night or paying the wrong bar tab but totally and completely ignored.ntwice the servicestaff have messed up and nothing has been done . its too bad because this place is exactly what arizona was lacking . too bad they dont care about return business .
__label__neg the food was ok and the woman behind the counter was very nice . however this place is so disorganized that it holds you back from  the food.nnnormally i feel that service and ambiance matter very little at a restaurant . i never take points off for rude service or  decor . however this bakery hardly has a menu which makes it pretty  to order anything.nni came here for dim sum on a saturday at lunch time . the only item on the menu overhead was dim sum pouches which turned out to be baozi filled with pork and cabbage httpen.wikipedia.orgwikibaozi . they were not bad.nnin order to order anything else however i had to ask what they offer and the woman behind the  named a list of items some of which i hadnt heard of in one long list that was  for me to comprehend . im fairly familiar with the names of dim sum dishes . i ended up getting a barbecue pork bun okay and a nikkoman which turned out to be a large baozi with a very gingery filling and a  spongy bread exterior pretty good . we also ordered a latte not bad.nnit came out to around 12.50.nnthere were many odds and ends of cookies and sweet buns laying around but with few signs marking the price or what the cookies even were.nni  hope that the people who run this bakery create a real menu with names of items and prices even if its just an 8.5x11 printout . the menu on the website doesnt seem to match what is in the storeperhaps you have to order ahead to  those items like catering.nnfor someone who doesnt already know what the various dim sum products are i think this cafe would be far too confusing
__label__pos you know that local eatery that is your go to for food that is quick pretty cheap and pretty yummy that place that you swing through for take out on a busy weeknight or stop for lunch when you are out running errands  is that place for us . our standard order is the hibachi chicken or steak some of us sub the  out for broccoli . to me the sweet carrots are too  and i  broccoli for that but the   them . go easy on the shrimp sauce as it is super high fatcal but it is yummy for sure . wasnt as fond of the noodles but i think i have only gotten them once out of the dozens of dishes i have ordered there so it also  have been an anomaly . i usually call first as do many people and they have our take out order ready and bagged up and a special  to check you out . appreciate that a lot
__label__pos i love soul . great  to  a  bite or  up on the menu . atmosphere is great and the  matches it .   more restaurants  soul .
__label__pos this      to  .   rocky mountain oysters bone marrow and anything else a food lover would want . not to even mention the stellar and inventive bar menu . dont leave without trying a gin and tonic on tap
__label__neg  and beef enchiladas and steak burrito were just average . the    any other  and the  were   .
__label__neg do not move here have had nothing but problems since i moved here in  . i had to find a place online because i was  from another state so i was recommended to live in a certain apartment from one of the employees . turns out this employee never told me that my apartment was right next to the parking lot and my bedroom window and  both looked over the parking lot . i could hear cars all day and night and people outside my window all the time . i could hear my neighbor snoring every single night so dont count on having thick walls . after a few months of getting no sleep i finally  management to let me move somewhere else but the only option i was given was to move to another apartment in the same complex for a 200 transfer fee . now i live in an apartment that smells like  . my clothes smell and i have tried to febreez my carpet but that does not work either . management has been horrible through out this entire experience especially christina  and bridget is the ultimate worst .  claims she is the assistant  but i have never been treated with such disrespect before . the pools are never clean either so do not trust the pictures you see . i have already had 3 notices on my door as well as police officers knocking on my door due to burglaries and one child kidnapping so this is definitely not a safe place to live . this apartment complex is the worst i have ever lived in and i am stuck here for another year . take my word for it and find somewhere else to live .
__label__pos i get apprehensive about having my hair cut . i have a lot of  hair and not everyone can cut it well . i find myself holding my breath and clenching my  as its cut and i have to tell myself to not look nervous . more often than not i dislike my haircut at first because the stylist styles it differently than i  do but i really liked my hair when i left mins today . thats saying a lot nnive only been in the burgh for just over a month so im really excited to have found a place to get my hair cut nni made an appointment in the morning and came in in the afternoon . over the hour that i was there she received one phone call and two walkin inquiries . i commented that she was popular she said the clients tell her that but no she just does her work . cutennmin was really  in her work . i  a picture wme which  . i was a little concerned that she said she was going to make my hair more beautiful than the  and i didnt always understand her english but im pleased with the end result . i will gladly pay 35 the price for medium length hair for a great haircut
__label__pos       and   less then 100 for a family of four . many outlets for electronics which is great when you have two teenagers . would stay again
__label__pos been coming here  they  opened . the  burgers around . great service .  a great    i  here .
__label__neg hey there goes louis vuitton ooooh prada hello there gucci wait a minute arent there like several other locations of these stores within a 3 mile radius of this place nntheres not really a single accessible store or restaurant in here and to make it  many of the stores in this new mall have already existed on the strip for more than 10 years . with how hard they were  to make this place  you would  they would have brought in something new to the table . for what its worth there are some very interesting  details and public artwork within this mall worth seeing at least once i really liked the glowing trees okay they werent exactly glowing but im not sure how  to  them but that doesnt make me any more interested in browsing at a gucci store when i can just browse at one down the street . nnexcuse me while i go down to the fashion show or the forum shops browse in the  upscale stores i cant afford but can still manage to buy something at a more reasonable store anyway . at least those two malls dont completely reek of pretension and feel closer to the real world if you know what i mean .
__label__neg   to  to  a  to  a breakfast  on our walk up to edinburgh castle and hula looked the most promising . as much as id like to support local businesses i wish we had just gone to starbucks . i got a bagel with cream cheese and my husband got a hamcheese bagel . they were fine but so overpriced . for the same amount of money we could have gotten  sandwiches with better stuff in them like actual eggs from starbucks .
__label__pos i have  had a  meal here amazing food wine list and overall a great little gem in   . my husband and i frequent this place for dinner the tenderloin trio is amazing and i would recommend this place to anyone who loves a fantastic  . its also very romantic in the winter  with a  
__label__pos i made reservations and took a friend to cartwrights for thanksgiving dinner . they had 3 choices on the menu for the event . 1. traditional thanksgiving dinner . 2. filet and 3. salmonnsince i had made a turkey dinner the night before i  the filet and my friend had the salmon . the meal started with soup and salad . the salad had  and watercress and was really good . the soup was  very  . the filet was cooked to perfection and so tender it melted in my mouth like butter . they served the filet with potatoes and asparagus . nmy friend ordered the salmon and  it was the best salmon she had ever eaten . she let me try some and it was very  and deliciousni topped off my meal with one of their craft beers on tap that was suggested by the server . it really added to the meal in a positive way.nthe service here was over the top everyone was really nice and right on time with everything . noverall i was really happy with the meal and look  to returning here to try one of their steaks .
__label__pos my first time visit as  by my friend who is a regular . i had the  burger..and it was delicious ... cooked to perfection . i also had the sweet potatoes tots.nomg they were fantastic so sweet and tasty my first time . i drank my cosmo and enjoyed the  atmosphere . i positively will go again and bring some new friends with me.neven though the place was jam packed on  night the service was top notch.nwe sat  on the patio because it was a nice cool night which is a rare thing in august .
__label__pos when  at the  you have complementary use of the spa facilities . my husband and i love going to the children free   all day ordering  healthy  and using the facilities . the spa has your standard spa  sauna steam room huge showers etc . the only  i would change is a better magazine selection .
__label__pos i know i promised mojo just recently that i wouldnt cheat on them but i have to  that i visited my local yogurtland this weekend . nnwe showed up around 8pm and the place was packed . there were college kids families and softball teams oh my people love this place . i had to be pushy and interrupt the one visible employee there who was busy ringing up everyone at the register for sample cups . i tried a few and chose the red velvet  . the toppings seemed really fresh and were much larger  than what mojo offered . nnoverall my experience was pretty good . there were many yogurt flavors and topping choices . the store didnt seem as well kept as mojo . the machines were  in  yogurt and the toppings all over the counter . it would have also been nice if there was an employee on the sales  to help new customers with the process . i think i may go again but  the cleanliness and customer service is improved on .
__label__neg when did customer service die i have no idea but it does not exist here . i had an interview in ballentyne and i had some downtime between appointments . i went here to do a  work on my laptop and enjoy a light lunch . i waited until well after the lunch rush around 2 pm . since i was there on my own i  in the bar area . nnmy order was not terribly complicated . i ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and turkey chili  . my food arrived after a moderate wait and  appetizing . the grilled cheese sandwich was well prepared but the turkey chili was repulsive . think about hormel chili being dumped out of a can and then over seasoned to the point that it was inedible and you have an  of how bad this was . nnthe problem was worsened by the fact that my server did not check back on me once during the  meal . my tea was never refilled and nobody came by to ask how is your meal which is generally considered to be restaurant 101. my server seemed to be more  on chatting with friends and doing her side work so that she could punch out on time . nnwhen someone arrived after the meal was clearly finished she  asked if everything was ok. i told her that the chili was inedible . it was clear that i had only taken one bite and then pushed it aside . she apologized and then brought the check which included a charge for the uneaten chili . i had an appointment scheduled and decided that 5 worth of chili was not worth dealing with drama . i paid the check and left . at least i know a restaurant to avoid the next time i am in charlotte nc .
__label__neg meh.ni was with a big  of people and we orderedn margerita pizzan  pizzansmokey pizzanfunghi pizzansausage pizzannand another pizza that was basically a funghi with  and duck added on top.nnthe only thing i was impressed with was the duck . i  the pizza was ... .. ... ... . yawnnmeh.nni doubt ill ever be back.nbut if i do go back ill get the duck club instead of pizza .
__label__pos  for   .      in town .
__label__pos great atmosphere i   anything i didnt like  p.  go to try the  tea  shot one of the the best  ive had
__label__pos   dive bar in   . i   their drink and food specials up against any other bar in pittsburgh . this is the definition of a blue collar slightly punky   . the food is greasy the people are grungy and the beer is mostly the cheap stuff that you drink without complaint . and who can say no to a happy hour with a burger fries and a yuengling for under 5 bucks thats right no one . front and back room thats dark really smokey and a stage in the back for live music the scene is ok. i stop by every couple of weeks after work with my boss and i recommend anyone else to do the same and make sure to come for happy hour . heres to seeing you there sometime
__label__neg  is  .   .     in line .
__label__pos cows are sexy . at least they are here at jean georges steakhouse ... . and they taste amazing too . the restaurant is dark sleek and screams highend without being stuffy . its the cool kid of steakhouses . they have a great wine display and the music rocks . the food is surprisingly fun and unique for a steakdriven menu and the service was fantastic.nnour feast includedntuna  and rosemary  crusted yellowfin tunancrispy skin chicken w lemon butternmisoyuzu glazed chilean sea bassnbraised   wi jalepeno apple pureenprime ny steak w chimichurri nblack truffle and comte cheese fritternbroiled bone marrow w parsleylemon gremolatanwarm chocolate cake w vanilla ice creamnni felt like i ate the  universe but the highlights for me were the tuna ny steak fritters and bone marrow . i think i may have grunted a few times as i ate . thankfully the music is on the louder side.nni left feeling like a cow ... and not a hot one either . definitely worth visiting if you  cattle as much as i do .
__label__pos my family and i went to jean george for the second time . we all got there a bit early this time . they started prepping our table . my sister who wasnt planning on coming decided to come with her 4 month old . we told them we needed 1 more seat . no problem there . when they saw my sister walk in with her son they  they dont  children under 5. not 10 seconds after she says that as my brother is talking to hostess a family walks out with 3 kids . the oldest couldnt have been 6 yet and the youngest was still an infant . i walked to the host station and showed her my platinum mlife  and she went and talked to the manager . he came over shook my hand and offered a bottle of wine on the  and obviously allowed my nephew to join us . my nephew didnt make a peep all through dinner . nonto the dining experience . we were seated at one of the large round booths . very comfortable and was easy to see and hear everyone . we got some form of enormous seafood platter as an appetizer for the table . alaskan king crab legs lobster tails oysters  and prawns . everything was delicious they server  us about the specials . one was a kobe filet for 210. wow . there was a half kobe half wagyu bone in ribeye that they aptly  the tomahawk . check the pictures i will upload one . this thing was big and tasty . it came with a green sauce on the side that was good but i prefer my steaks with no sauce . the server picked out a good bottle of wine for free remember it went great with the steak . nfor dessert my girlfriend and i shared a cru00e8me brulee . i have yet to have a bad cru00e8me brulee ... .nwill be going back for sure but i did take off a star due to how the treated my sister .
__label__neg about average so far as steakhouses go . my rib eye was very  but a little over cooked . i didnt complain because the flavor was still fantastic . i thought the process were quite out of order . ive had better for sell . over all id say they are more for show than content . if you want to have a great high end steak id recommend ruth chris lgs flemings or mortons . if you want to show off how much money you have to or make it rain jean georges is the place . the offered a pork chop for  and a special cut steak for 199. for those prices ill personally fly anywhere in the country and serve you the best steak you ever had . if you were not born with a silver spoon in your mouth and you have good financial values you should probably go somewhere  . if your friends are named justin b diddy or snoop and your second car just  to be a  youll fit right in . service good ambiance great food fantastic  a bottom line oh damn bring the platinum or the  card .
__label__pos we went to sage after positive reviews on yelp . after walking around the casino the  day and not seeing a lot of  we were a little put off that when we arrived on time for our reservation at 730 that they asked us to sit in the lounge . were going to order drinks so its not that were cheap but it always seems a bit like a hard sell when places do that . but we followed orders and went into the lounge area . not packed by any means . we found a couple of seats and waited . and waited . i  at least one bartender made eye contact with me but no one attempted to take a drink order and they were moving about  care of folks away from the bar nor did we moveby now i was getting a nice pout going . so we were probably there 1015 mins with nothing happening as we accumulated chips on our shoulders . the hostess then came up and asked us our names again and said ok our table was ready . we were seated in a nice dining room with expansive ceilings and interesting art.nwhen our server james appeared he asked how we were doing and i said with a genuine smile that we were trying to get over our attitudes and gave him a speed version of waiting etc . he apologized and said they were busy.na couple of minutes later he appeared with two glasses of champagne compliments of the house . it was a nice gesture and immediately put us at ease . the rest of the meal was very impressive as well and i was  to eat it without being ticked off . very nice details on the food and the delivery each course was explained as it was presented . there was a tasting menu but we ordered from the regular menume lobster ravioli app and pork  entru00e9e and my wife had a salad app and scallops entru00e9e . suffice to say the food was greatwe eat out a lot at nice  and this one ranked up there with our vegas experiences . and yes the bacon rolls are amazing . and the chocolate soup shot at the end of the dinner was wonderful as well.nso a bumpy start turned into one of our better lv dining experiences . 2 apps 2 entrees  glass of pinot noir plus our free champagne and our chocolate shooters on the house and the bill came to 145 before tip . we would highly recommend .
__label__pos   marrow and  .    and   .
__label__neg  the aria cafu00e9  for breakfast . we had   highquality  there but the  was atrocious .
__label__neg   was    .  was  .  your normal cafe experience in vegas . i wish the cafu00e9s were better .
__label__pos the  where    happened.nn5  ate from lunch til dinner and changed server 3 times . i dont remember what exactly we ate ... but i knew we sure ate all of our moneys worth.nnbest part maracons for desserts . devine left over cookies and naans at 3am post clubbing.nni didnt wear stretchy pants but i think the food has digested long before we went clubbing at haze.nnbest bang for your buck ... 20 lunch that lasted til dinner time .
__label__neg my husband and i came for an  dinner after work . the buffet looks really nice and seemed clean . so lets go blow by blownprice kinda expensive 74 for 2nwaitressserver rude as all hell now i suppose i wouldnt have been overly concerned with her jacked up attitude if she was that way with  but she absolutely wasnt . the white couple next to us got the pleasant voice and got checked on frequently ... we were kind of left there like the red headed stepchildren . i am a firm believer of tipping ones wait staff i usually drop 20 bc i know these people work hard and thats how i show my gratitude but she all the way killed it as soon as she opened her mouth . she had ample time while we were eating to redeem herself but she threw herself under the bus when she was only nice to one table and not the other . nfood literally half of what we ate was really good the other half horrible . we made a point to try everything to get our 74 worth lol the cheeses in the italiano section were ok the mozzarella kinda melted and that made it taste weird . the roast beef seemed extra bloody . there was an open faced pork bun that tasted like sea water it was so damn salty . pesto mexican section seafood soup seafood jambalaya sushi salad  brisket mashed potatoes both gravys banana in some butter sweet syrup rice krispie treats and ice cream were on point . everything else was over seasoned somehow including the king crab . meringue cookies tasted gross along with the coconut macaroons and the flan was somehow bland tasting . nmanager the manager stopped by our table and asked how everything was for us we took that opportunity to let him know we were displeased with our server . he apologized for the experience and told us he would take this feedback and use it as a training tool . he was a very nice guy and i appreciate that he was checking up on folks and checking out the food area . nhe seemed diligent about his work i can respect that . sure enough as soon as he leaves our server gives  the friendly voice and asked how we were doing ... yea be nice in our last 5 minutes lady   a great idea p ncleanliness my  was dirty ... turn off in my book . the table was a bit sticky as well when we were seated . noverall the hotel area and the casino are very beautiful and full of abstract art pieces . as for the buffet we wont be coming back ... or taking people here just a bit expensive for the quality of the food . i just hope my pregnant ass doesnt get some kind of stomach bacteria from the mozzerella being out in room temp for a long period of time . the little seafood cups should have been on ice as well but they werent .
__label__neg this is no five star hotel buffet .  variety . seafood section just sucked ass . only thing decent was the carving  and the gelato section . there were a few nice dishes here and there but definitelynnot worth the 50  a person . i  think vegas needs to rethink charging  adult  . my friends  hardly eats and she paid 50. it is ridiculous .
__label__neg whoever  the best things in life are free needs to have a firm talking to after the wife and i had dined here..i won a comp through  and i admit with mixed reviews i wanted to give this buffet a shot since its aria and all but wow did i ever regret thatnnmy overall opinion for the variety of food offered was hopeful at first but disappointed as i walked around to scope things out . it does have your customary dessert area asian area mexican area salad area a tandoor area and carving area . at one point i saw area 51 but that was the only thing out of this world here unfortunatelynnthe food itself missed many marks as it was to the point where i only had 1 plate and refused to go back for anything further..i tried a vegetable egg roll  sausage and orange chicken from the asian station . i did find the egg roll to be cooked quite well and not too crispy like it was swimming in a day pool of grease . the orange chicken was hit or miss piece to  . i had some that were soft and flavorful and a majority that well were more geared towards being a jawbreaker than a delight of the orient.nnmy highlight of the meal was the prime rib from the  station but that didnt totally meat the mark pardon the pun..the gentleman who manned the station was very pleasant and did seem to take to me being respectful as a rarity which made me wonder how people are normally..i give kudos to him and certainly people deserve to be treated as equals..that could be a whole other review in itself..the prime rib itself was very tender but it did lack quite a bit of flavor..i drenched it in au jus but still some bold flavor wouldve been appreciatednnanother notable was the peel and eat shrimp and steamed snow crab..the shrimp itself was a high point and i did enjoy that the crab was cut in half so that you could just essentially skin the crab for the  vs. getting carpal tunnel cracking all day..i probably couldve eaten much more of that and from looking around it did  like these were a crowd pleaser of patrons above anything else.nni have to say in closing this was a let down for me as there are clearly better and well accepted buffets in vegas seems like a dying breed of what once was but i really hope that aria takes notice and conducts a serious revamp of things in the near future..the staff was warm and inviting which is a saving grace but an empty dining room during the pre zarkana hours does kind of paint a very disturbing picture right
__label__neg    .    with no  .  waiters were laughing at the selection in the dim sum cart . we asked if anything had chicken . the waiter stuck out his tongue and laughed chicken feet . the food was ordinary . but the surrounding architecture is something to figure out as you try to figure out why you ate here . very few real thai dishes on menu .
__label__pos last friday when we arrived in vegas we were hungry and wanted to find a place to eat lunch . nnwe were staying at the  and decided to walk across the way to aria to see their restaurants and we decided to eat at lemongrass . nnwe were immediately seated but the service got off to a  start . nnwe  at the table for almost 15 minutes before we were offered something to drink . i asked for water and he asked for beer one the was on tap but i cant remember . it  almost 10 minutes for our drink orders and we placed our order once the drinks were brought to the table out of fear of the waitress disappearing and not returning . nnthis restaurant is very versatile and can  groups children or date nights if the service is up to par . nnwe ordered the spicy prawns and spicy asian cucumbers for our appetizer . my husband ordered sesame chicken for his entree and i had the pla lobster salad . nnthe appetizers arrived fairly quickly and to our surprise the prawns were actually flattened a bit so that they can be  and looked like a panko coated crab cake . the prawns while a little different were absolutely delicious as was the rest of he food and the  were fairly large . nnthere was celery in the salad that i had ordered and i was picking it out as i am not a big fan of celery . the waitress asked if my food was okay and i told her that it was very good and my husband chimed in that i was picking out the celery because i dont really like it . nnthe waitress offered to take my salad back an remake it without the celery which was very nice but i told her that it was no problem and that i would eat the salad that i was served . she seemed a bit concerned that i may not enjoy my meal and asked if i was  and when i assured her that it was okay she left . nnthe waitress came back to the table about 10 minutes later and asked if i was ok again and if i was enjoying my salad and once again i assured her that the salad was delicious . i did appreciate her concern . nnas we were eating another waitress was pushing a cart containing dim sum thru the dinning room . the food on the cart looked and smelled delicious but we didnt order any because we knew were not going to able to eat all of the food we had ordered . nnthe prices are a little steep especially since or bill was over 50 for lunch but hell we were in vegas
__label__pos we  our wedding reception dinner here after we got married in the wedding suite on the 36th floor . we had a four course meal with the scallops braised short ribs yellowtail   ravioli spaghetti mediterranean  black cod ny steak and a  of desserts . our  wedding cake with vanilla and chocolate marble cake with peanut buttercream was the most amazing cake i have ever had in my life our guests said the same thing . it was  worth the price as our guests kept raving about the food and how it was the  meal they ever had . we look forward to returning on our oneyear anniversary
__label__pos best  in las  awesome choices and completely customizable . dont  an  of fresh cut potato  or  seasoned to your liking .  it off with a perfect dill  ... heaven
__label__pos   but something is missing here it seems like the workers are really unhappy here and i  that theres extra charges for wanting almond milk but geez for a small matcha tea with almond milk is like 5.50 ... i cant get this kind of matcha latte anywhere else so im  to  that much but i  away upset at myself every single time lol ... nno complaints about this location other than the droopy employees
__label__pos ive been to the grand cafe a few times . every time im  at the palace station i have to stop by the cafe . they have great specials if youre a  pass member you   more for your money . i  here with some friends and brian was our server . he was patient with us and super  . he was friendly and awesome to converse with . hes also really cute i  the open faced turkey and it was amazing . everyone else in the group was satisfied with their meal . we had a pleasant dining experience and left a generous tip for our server . definitely give this  a try .
__label__pos really good  . they are definitely on the sweet side but thats how i like it .  a decent  including one  like a bee for the kids . nngreat price 1.65 each or 6 for 10. nreasonably close to metro stationntakes credit cardnnwe   during our 3 days in montreal
__label__neg i went there for  yogurt . it is not selfserved . 3.99 for a medium bowl plus 1.99 for 3 toppings . i have to  it is totally not worth it . i did enjoy it and it did taste good but for the  and the medium bowl i  have gotten twice as much at a place like razzy fresh which  just as good if not better . they do have smoothies in other flavors but i cant really comment on that.nndining area is  and clean . but i  im going to pass .
__label__pos theres a man who comes there every  for dinner and tells customers that if they dont like the food hell pay for it . he hasnt had to  for  else food in 17 yearsnngreat food generous  friendly  .
__label__neg i was generally unimpressed . the drink prices were incredibly high.. i mean 8 for a guinness reallynnthe burgers were pretty  maybe that was just considering this was my first one in 8  but the prices were rather inflated . each burger  cost 1.50  unless you got one of their premade burgers . all of our burgers came out more  done than we had requested.nngenerally you are much better going to deluxbetter  better price better ambience . so i hear
__label__neg some of the    with  service has  me  this  for the rest of my  .
__label__pos of course i fly to arizona for business while it is freezing in oregon . im looking forward to sun and warmth . i get there and the temperature drops i see frozen cacti and oregon is sunny the whole week . sigh . thankfully i was staying at my favorite hotel chain and this hilton is top notch.nthe staff is excellent . i rated this a 910 in hhonors customer service is great . every question i had was answered accurately  on finding a close place to eatnim a hhonors diamond got upgraded to a suite thank you so much it was a  long stay for me so the extra space was appreciated nicely . the room had two flat screens a big window looking  tiled shower no tub nice mini fridge pull out sofa hbo and the excellent hilton bed . nit wasnt on the executive floor though so i had to hike up to the 6th floor for evening lounging the executive lounge was clean comfortable and well stocked with food . the drinks are mixed by the attendant and cost 3 bucks each . it was the first time i had whippedvodka wow it was tasty and a nice warm up to the beef filets with apricotmushroom sauce with a side of fresh veggies yum . the hot appetizers that night were excellent . ive never had filets in the executive lounge but this  did not spare that  free water juice soda nuts plain mms apples bananas and cookies . nthe diamond continental breakfast was decent free food at the cafe included a cup of coffee pastry or cereal a fruit and an orange juice . the oj was frozen from sitting in the back of the fridge overnight and the coffee and pastry were substandard . for 4 more bucks i could have gained  to the buffet but i was usually in a rush . nthe workout facility was nice tvs on all the precors and provided earbuds for working out . there is a pulley cage and some dumbbells with two flat benches but that is as far as the free weights go . nthe fashion mall is right across the street so you can grab a bite to eat in the plethora of restaurants excellent location  all the high  factories and the mall . perfect for a business trip . i will be back for all my az biz .
__label__neg the hotel is nice the rooms are great . however service is the worst . i was woken up at 1am by a bunch of loud noisy people drinking and slamming doors . screaming and laughing i thought maybe they   down . 30min to an hour go by so we call the front desk . we had to call 3x and still nothing was done . all they did was barely knock to tell them to be quiet . after they left the  just went back to yelling . the only  we were  was for us to move . nnso if you want to  up all night have a loud party and scream come here no one will stop you.nnif you  sleep and actually  the night go somewhere else .
__label__pos for beer connoisseurs this is the place to go to . every week they have different beers and usually over 20 beers on tap every night . they also have alot of hard to  beers in  . best of all the have a  beer that they open  friday . i have been to the bar more that 10 times and everytime i come there is a different list to choose from . i do not think i have had the same beer tqice at the bar.nthe bar looks more like an old fashioned bar without tvs . at night the bar is rather  lit but still a great ambiance . the most surprising thing is that many of the beers are priced around 4 to 5 dollars which most bars  charge  dollars for . being from ca i am happy to see alot of stone brewery beers which are extremly tasty . many of the customers are young people who are in grad school or are working with the  really laid back .
__label__pos   had the  really  the sauce .  wasnt too  but there was only one person  the bar and tables .
__label__pos im a coffee fanatic . for a lot of  i was a loyal starbucks customer . after a friend of mine turned me onto dutch bros i havent stopped going  . they offer a large selection of sugar free flavors which is what i need . and the service is awesome my boyfriend and i frequent this particular dutch bros and i love the service i receive here . we can really appreciate the fact that the employees remember our drinks . sometimes its even ready before we get to the window . it  good to be remembered and genuinely feel cared for . there is one employee who always seems to give us amazing service his name is spencer . he remembers our names and drinks and  sure to ask  how we have been . as a matter of fact there is a specialty drink that my boyfriend orders that he will only get if spencer is working and can make it for him . spencer just has great customer service he really goes out of his way to make the customers feel important and cared for . which is extremely important to  i believe . although i really do love the entire team there and regret not knowing all of your  to give you a shout out . you all have a way of getting me ready and excited for my day  though sometimes in the morning you are a little loud before ive had my coffee . nonetheless i appreciate all of you . thank you dutch bros on central and camelback
__label__pos    without the    of starbucks . staff super friendly  a barista attitude of  . only downside is lack of locations .
__label__pos     the   and   rice should enjoy a set of pho here and also the fried rice a lot to explore and i will definitely come back
__label__neg not really impressed with this place . we came here for a simple family night out stop . we received a simple greeting upon  in the door . luckily weve gone to froyo places before so we knew the drill but i cant imagine how lost someone would be if it was their  visit . there were no sample cups in sight . the original tart flavor was out of commission which  was what i wanted . so i had to concoct some weird mixture that just didnt do my flavor buds justice . my husband and  were pleased hence the 2 stars . but the toppings were  lacking . the  looked subpar and demolished . the boba balls is that what theyre called were all popped and liquified . it took me a minute or two to finalize my cup and when i got to the counter i  like i was getting devil eyes from the girl behind the counter but that easily could have been me feeling bad for being so disappointed . i honestly wont be requesting to keep this stop in our weekly family outings .
__label__neg olde mecklenburg beer in the dortmundstyle takes some effort to warm up to .  all three currently  the other night and each one had a very harsh  taste . german beer by its nature typically mellows the hell out after three or four sips ... but not this stuff . rolled on a second copper and it finally started to get a tad better . their winter brew is simply awful . this is really not what a german beer is supposed to be doing to you . nnordered a bratwurst and while the actual brat was pretty decent it was served up luke warm on top of a cold flavorless white bun . very sad to experience . guessing they boil these as it had zero  marks.nnbrewery itself is off in an industrial area very close to i77 . the tap room is  up nicely . lots of wood and warmth but that only means youll have to stay there and drink the product.nnlastly make sure you mapquest this place out for your visit because itll take at least three employees to direct you there . nnhopefully theyll replace the current  with someone thats had german beer before . may be just ok to pop in and check out quickly .
__label__neg this review is for the tour only not the beer which is quite good or food which we didnt have . while waiting for the tour a waitress came over to take our food order . we didnt realize they even  food we just thought it was a brewery and she gave us a weird look when we said we were just here for the tour . our tour guide jimmy was drunk . he was staggering around waving his arms stumbling over his words couldnt pronounce mecklenburg taking swigs of the southside weiss . it was rather like watching captain jack  give a tour except with beer not rum . it seemed a bit odd and was certainly  . seeing the tanks and everything in the brewery was cool and interesting but our  tour guide wasnt very knowledgeable . if you want a sampler of their beers you have to pay which is ok i guess because the tour is free . i wanted to buy a 6 pack of their summer seasonal rein pale ale but they didnt have it yet . memorial day weekend and you dont have your summer seasonal out yet they like to  that the furniture in the brauhaus is from germany . who cares that doesnt affect the taste of the beer . i do like how they adhere to the german purity laws in their beermaking process though . this ensures that the brew is true to the original art  made famous by  and that you are getting quality beer from  who care about their product .
__label__neg i cant seem to fathom what the employees are thinking at this place . they show no hospitality at all and basic restaurant service seems to be nonexistent . they work as if theyre offended to be our waiters and waitresses.nnas my party and i are seated the server asks us if we are ready to order . we need some time to look at the menu so we tell him to give us some time . only thirty seconds pass when he returns and asks us to order . we repeat the procedure about 2 more times until we feel so compelled to order we give in . my dad had a special request to add chicken and beef in the soup but the server couldnt understand us . he seemed really confused and frustrated so he brought someone else over who had better english . he turned around and muttered some word that im sure wasnt too polite.nnwe place our  and in less than five minutes our dishes are ready . i love fast service but for some reason i felt queasy that day . i just knew it wasnt prepared 100 fresh . plus the servers  earlier  me off from my usual happy piggy mood.nnwe asked for extra dishes and the server  offended that we were giving orders . maybe im just reading into their body language too much but they give the expression like i said something mean about their mother which of course wasnt the case . seriously whats the deal not once did they stop by to check up on our water or ask if things were okay.nnthe food itself is ok but that day it tasted especially bland . maybe the bad service was getting to me . i noticed the  tasted like noodles and water no amount of hot sauce or fish sauce could add any flavoring . judging by how fast the food was served i wouldnt be surprised if it was just composed of water . we rose and paid for our meal and i felt like i wasted every cent of it . i wouldve had better service at mcdonalds hands down . my whole afternoon wouldve been ruined but thankfully the  right next  cheered us up . as soon as we enter we are greeted with a warming hello . that alone made me feel better .
__label__pos came here for a late  around 4nnit was not too  so we got seated quicklynnordered pho  beef was good tendon was good soupe was hot nordered bo tai jun it was tastynnonly thing was serving was a little small but its  keeps you from getting nfatnnservice was goodnnill be back
__label__neg lets    to eat  okaynnpho is supposed to be fast . just ladle that soup broth over the noodles and meat and youre fricking done . right no not here.nnmy friend ordered spring rolls which were 2 tiny rolls cut in half . that took a good 40 minutes to make . btw there were barely any other customers so its not like they were busy making other foodnnthe rest of us ordered pho which took nearly an hour for it to come out . we wouldve bounced the fuck outta there if we didnt feel so bad for doing so . so we just stayed because we were hungry and waited that long already.nnwhen we finally got our food it wasnt even that good the broth was piping hot which was nice ... but thats probably what they were doing this whole time ... boiling the soup . my friend mentioned that they forgot the flavor . yup the broth had little to no flavor . plus my rare steak tasted sour which meant it was probably old and should not be eatennnpeople who have rated this restaurant anything better than 2 stars have not eaten good pho before . also if you were drunkhungover when you ate here ill excuse you because of the lack of judgment.nnlesson to be learned dont  pho in vegas
__label__pos    awesomencrab     and rare ive never seen this at a vietnamese pho place the broth was amazing and you will love this.npho above averagenbeef stew very thick broth so be ready . its good though
__label__pos i love this place we  dinner at a restaurant down the street from paris 66  night after we left we wanted crepes and the other place we usually went to was closed . i was nervous to walk in a restaurant and  if we could have a table to just get desert . i cant even explain in words how amaizing paris 66 was for desert crepes . the food the women  to me were eating also looked excellent . we will probably go back tonight and get dinner and desert . i also took a couple  of the macaroons home and they were so good wonderful   . the waitress was so nice . gave us a table very quickly although we were just  desert and they were very busy . im so happy our usual place was closed and we got to try paris66
__label__pos nice  with  of stuff for the kids .  water feature   field  area and lake with   geese and turtles .
__label__neg had high hopes for this place . my bf and i finally were able to go out kid free and decided to treat ourselves . the place was cozy inside and we were greeted and told the wait was over an hour . the bar was full and so the hostess took our  number and we  next  for a  to wait for our table . when we came back we were seated and we waited about 10 minutes before we were greeted . about 10 more minutes came by before we got our drinks and we got to order our food . i tried to order a few items on the menu but mostly everything was sold out . we ordered the sampler which was ok the meats seemed like they were left on the grill and forgot about and thrown onto the plate . no seasonings poorly executed presentation . i got the duck that was so overcooked i couldnt even squeeze out any  from it the sautu00e9ed spinach had potential to be good but it had way too much garlic and was just poorly made . my bf  the basa fish which was lovely but unfortunately i was so discouraged to order another item off their menu because i didnt want to wait another 30 minutes for something else that wouldve been disappointing . i really wanted to like this place even after the server took off the price of the duck we didnt have a manager come over to talk to us . i was  broken that our once every 3 month date night was a huge let down . my bf emailed trophys and no one ever  . please dont waste your money or time here unless you want to be disappointed .
__label__pos our group of five was looking for a quiet local place to enjoy dinner . we could not have asked for a better location . the view simply amazing . the atmosphere quirky and  . the salads were gorgeous and tasty . the appetizers looked like a top chef quick fire challenge winner . the entru00e9es were almost flawless . nni personally had the filet  and loved it . everyone had  . visually if they tasted half as good as they looked vu is a shining star in the fountain hills area.nnonly complaints everyone had to   for refills when the server could easily see in the empty glasses in the 18 filled restaurant . getting information via phone since they share the line with their salon and boutique . i couldnt get immediate  and had to call back .
__label__pos first i was only going to give this store four stars because always being asked for change is annoying . on second thought i realize this is part of what makes this store click so it is all the way five.nna consumer needs to know some general things about the 99 cent only store chain . they really have an amazing variety of stock at nothing more than 99 cents . in some  you will find items for less . try regular or low sodium v  juice for 59 cents a can . when i say they have a variety i have purchased everything to computer parts to dvds to cds to tv antennas to alarm clocks to gift bags of all sizes to different things i have used in volunteer work with ballet az . they always have special items for the current holiday . the anderson split pea soup that is 1.47 and up at the grocery stores is 99 cents here and they have different varieties . i never failed to be surprised when i see  french milled soaps  to bars of lava soap . they have a gourmet section that incudes things i have absolutely no idea of what they are used for but its nice to know they are there if i ever need them . in season you will find plants that are two dollars  than bashas has the same size at the time i write this . i admit to being a shopper so i like just spending time and perusing almost all the shelves . one of the latest things that really surprised me were boxes of extra large condoms made in colors only add spice to your sex life in how many different colorsnnnow it is time to figures out why this particular store on indian school is unique and has the drawing power that it does for me.this is an interesting store . the one on  th street that is just about the same distance to my house is bigger and it isnt as crowded . so why do i shop there more is it because it was there first and i am used to it is it because in this store i have run into people who clearly dont want to be seen shopping therethats a biggie maybe i just like the real diversity in the people that work and shop there . not that often do i get to use the smatterings of different languages i know with people who dont any more english than i know of their tongues . trying to make known that you need an alarm clock in swahili is a challenge . this store is truly an adventure and i love it its not for the faint of heart . and as i said before what can be better than listening to the stammering explanation of someone who lives at scottsdale ranch and wouldnt be caught dead in a place like that when you come around a corner and there they are pushing a full shopping cart . that is as opposed to seeing someone like the dear lady i know who keeps a little winter place at the biltmore gushing over what terrific buys they have and being glad to see a friend . the only thing i wish they could change about this store would be to have someone there to keep the panhandlers out of the parking lot . even that can be interesting at times . someone asked me for change the other day and the person looked at what i gave her and she told me that i could do better than that couldnt i as she said a dollar really didnt go as far as it did a year ago with the economy the way it is . who was i to argue with that line of thinking . i gave her more and felt  about this budding economist.nnone tip about getting to this store that can save you time . you dont ever want to make a left turn into it or out of it in rush hour traffic . talk about having a death wish instead go north in the parking lot and make a left and go across the parking lot pass the arthur murray dance studio and out to 12th st. there another way to go out north but it takes you through neighborhoods full of people and cars . i am sharing my secret with you . it is so much easier this way
__label__neg i  i would really like this show but it was so boring i    . i felt like i was a  forced to watch the school play cause i had some retarded kid in it . we ended up leaving during the  . we had excellent seatssection b row n and got the tickets for  . the  were neat and there were some cool setscenes but i would be upset if i had paid 440 110 each . i would rather watch the movie any day .
__label__neg for a quick snack this would be a good place to enjoy as youre  for your flight in the  airport . however i do not recommend the lobster bisque it is very watery yet tasteful very very   . the  shrimp was very heavily  and will set your  on  .
__label__pos i   free vegas   about 3  ago when going to vegas for my sisters 21st birthday . i knew nothing about free guest lists and just searched online hoping to find something . with chris list we were able to get in vip ie practically no line to all three bars at the palms which was really fun . the ghost bar is awesome.nnrecently my fiance and i went to  and i reached out to chris again . i was worried that since it wasnt all girls wed be out of luck . wrong . he hooked it up for xs where we both got free admission again no line we were actually escorted out of the ga line and right up to get stamped plus i scored   drink tickets.nni have no idea how this works or how they make money but im so glad their service exists . its easy and you get text updates regularly . you can ask questions and get advice quickly.nnsimply a wonderful service .
__label__pos great homestyle  food . great   to burgers in the great  void that is south  . better than the surrounding  not sure why but this  is always  .
__label__pos appetizersnthe     were  just  you might think and probably terrible for your health.nnwe had the nacho tortilla chips as an appetizer . it was huge not so much a fan . also tried the clams which were surprisingly good considering this place is the irish version of hooters.nnentreesn10 for corned beef and cabbage not bad at all the cabbage was a little over buttered for my taste but i thought the corned beef was well cooked tender and very tasty . nntried the fish and chips and it was not bad . i would stay away from the chicken in cream sauce ... it is way too creamy . everything is served in gigantic portions make sure you save half for lunchnndessertni got the baileys cheesecake wouldve preferred the original or oreo but it was still good .
__label__neg  broad menu selection . cons  beer  ... at least for guinness . at 6.50  imperial pint its the most  guinness in  .
__label__pos what a pleasant surprise great  sushitapas bar in the lawrenceville neighborhood of pittsburgh . peking duck quesadilla was a great spicy starter followed by the bacon wrapped quail egg skewer ... excellent the tamari roll was wonderful with incredibly fresh fish topped with fresh  . the chicken lemongrass empanadas were really  and tasted great . i also ordered the tnt roll which was everything but the kitchen sink and very very good stu and matt our own personal sushi chefs were  and clearly talented in their skills . lastly the tuna nigiri was unbelievable sweet and buttery . the fish here is as fresh as youll find anywhere . nni will  come back the next time i visit pittsburgh  p.s . the  of food on the menu was really extensive . i have never eaten at a latin american sushi bar before
__label__neg i usually love love love this place but my experience last week was underwhelming . we visited on friday night and  a  for 930 through opentable.com even though we probably didnt need one as the restaurant was emptying out . nnwe usually order a range of the small plates and sushi . friday was no different . i ordered the tnt roll tuna tartare and the rock shrimp tacos . nnafter a long  the tuna tartare was served first . it was tasty but needed some salt . also it didnt taste particularly fresh . it should have been served colder . nnthe tnt roll was good but it was not particularly special . nnthe shrimp tacos came last . the tiny shrimp were ice cold . we sent them back even though we never send food back . they served us a fresh set of tacos and they were  . nothing  . nntamari has been one of my   to eat in pittsburgh . the first floor looks shabby . it could use a paint touch up or some deep cleaning . nnour service was off . at times we couldnt find our waiter . nnthe weirdest thing was that managerowner big man in a big suit was running around checking on the kitchen and talking to workers as he has done each time i have visited tamari . as the kitchen is open to the diners it stuck me as odd that the big man in the big suit has never ever approached one diner to ask about their experience any time that i have visited .
__label__pos great cocktails and fun  . the crinkled copper behind the  is beautiful and different . the  is great  for the price point . food is inventive and  .  is updated   to the better .
__label__pos this is the perfect lunch spot . they frequently offer deals for yelp checkins or online discount offers . there are plenty of menu choices so there is enough  to  more selective palates . items range from soup salad gyros skewers  chicken lamb salmon even some vegetarian options . if you opt for the entree it includes pita bread rice and salad.nntheir venue is a former pei wei and the  didnt  . you order at the counter and they  the  with self serve beverages .
__label__pos yelpers all know by now that im a 4th generation japaneseamerican . but what many of you dont know is that my mom is actually korean . a significant reason i choose to identify as japanese over korean was because since my childhood the korean community has always rejected me . i just turned out way too japanese looking and my korean features are philosophically just an nonobservable genotype . no matter how hard i tried to reach out to the korean community i was always pushed away . ive probably only gotten along with 56 korean people in my lifetime and most of them were zainichi koreans or koreans from south america . because the korean community pushed me away my whole life i grew up not knowing anything about korean cuisine . so i dont know if sura is considered good korean food by korean people but what matters is that i enjoyed every second of it . nnof course my favorite korean bbq joint is and always will be mr. jake lees honey pig but sura has some advantages . the main advantageand maybe the only advantage is that sura is a buffet style restaurant and you dont have to wait for a server to bring you more meat . personally i like honey pig better because they accommodate japanese people and will give you yakiniku style meat if you ask the right person . also at honey pig they cook the  for you so you can just sit back and relax . the first time i came to sura i badly burned everything causing a lot of black smoke to fill up the area . the server ran over ... . and she  really really pissed . nni really liked the  here . i also really liked the pork bulgogi . you can tell its been marinated over night because of the intense flavor . even the california rolls were pretty good and i dont even like california rolls . nnim actually surprised this place has such a high yelp  because ive noticed that most korean yelpers  to give out a lot of 1star ratings to korean owned businesses . they always complain about how the food is not as good as it is in korea or ellienote ellie is how a lot of fob koreans pronounce l.a.. im giving this place 5stars because unlike fullkoreans i actually support korean  . btw ... why is it that every korean person has an iphone 5 shouldnt you guys support korea and buy the samsung galaxy how unpatrioticnnmy reviews are weird
__label__pos i lived in japan for two years and frequented  tabehodais all you can  korean bbqs as often as i could . and this place is awesome . my  and i went at lunchtime on a weekday since that offers the cheapest price i think it was 16 per person . our drinks were never empty so that was great . and while i was initially very iffy about the quality of meat i was very very surprised . i focused on the bulgogi pork loin and some other kind of pork that looked like thick cut bacon . they were all delicious . i wish they had onion or peppers to grill too but not having it was no big deal to me . the rice nikuman egg  and  and sour chicken were great too . instead of going to one of my three favorite ramen places next time i go home to  ill be coming here . i dont think ill ever pay the dinner price at least not while im in school but i think the weekday lunch price is very reasonable .
__label__pos the burger  has a lot  for it . it is easy to  not typically too crowded and the food is good . friend 1 had a 7 order of  cheese fries a staple of the drunk food group that couldve fed a family of 4. friend 2 went rogue and ordered a carnitas burger which featured a  of delicious  cheese . now if that isnt burger genius then i dont know what is . wifey ordered the waygu burger an although she wasnt singing its  she wolfed it down.nni recommend assembling your own burger alacarte and then decimating it while making numnum noises .
__label__neg the 2.99 skillet breakfast is a greasy nightmare . the hash browns are a  hunk of mushy greasy watery potatoes while bacon  more oven time and my eggs came out undercooked . you need a player  and to purchase a beverage to get allnight heartburn . meal was salvaged by  second add on of a short  of pancakes . two  cakes were quite good although syrup packets are a bit outdated . anything after  and a weird  of characters are usually there . dont make eye contact and you should survive the meal .
__label__neg  food but horrible   experience with the  left me and my wife completely disgusted with this place.. never  back if it were the last  on earth   .
__label__pos i came in the other  with no appointment to have my  repaired . the guy working at the  was extremely  and the  was done in about 1015 minutes .  prices  customer  . i will be back when i need other work done on my bike .
__label__pos   is  fresh fresh     to 
__label__pos le monde does  and trendy very well and is  of the few george street bars which are worth paying that little bit extra for . nnwhen scouting venues for a charity event le monde was on of our  . the staff were incredibly helpful and professional and offered us so much it was hard to turn it down . but being a student  where maximising the profits for charity were key we ended up going with a cheaper bar . nnwith three bar areas all being ridiculously cool you instantly feel sophisticated in here . the cocktails are made very  a little expensive but these places are . i havent  tried the food but reading the other reviews makes me want to go  for something to eat pronto
__label__pos largest kosher  ive ever  its jewish heavennnthis smiths offers products other smiths do not offer such as  fruit  at their deli and jewish stuff you may need as well as himalayan pink salt and others.nnits your typical smiths store layout the customer service here is spotty though . the self check out has this one lady who is an old hag but whatevs.nnthe store is very clean and used to have a golden spoon but they have since cleared it out . the store itself is not all crazy busy but always clean . what i would def do is be careful with the juice case in the back by the veggies bc it is sometimes warm and also the cheese  . i like the  here its big and spacious and always has enough  . get a smiths card so you can have mucho savings
__label__neg i ate here years ago and unfortunately they lived up to their name . i see theyve changed the name . at the time it was called terribles which is how it lived up to its name . im not sure why they rebranded and kept the same yelp page . hopefully they didnt eep the same recipesnnit felt like someone  a chuck e  stripped it of the fun and pizza and  it bad pasta as a consolation prize.nnnthis review wont make a lot of  anymore . when i first  it it was called terribles . why they didnt start a new yelp account i dont know . if its  and  by the same people the reviews wont matter at all . if the food is different and good theyve screwed themselves .
__label__pos i stayed here for weekend wedding that was in town . the hotel was much nicer than i expected clean rooms comfortable  and  of the best free  ive ever had i.e . eggs sausage potatoes  fruit  maker etc.. we were running late the day of our checkout and the front  was kind enough to extend out check out time . the only  was no fridge which  have been nice to have given the heat .
__label__neg i havent lived in pittsburgh long and was looking for a new nail salon . i went clear across town to get to this place after reading the high reviews . they were very busy the salon was clean and i was quickly  by someone at the front desk . all good signs . however it quickly became apparent looks can be deceiving.nni came in for a  set of gels . the first  that happened was that the nail technician argued with me about acrylics instead for no discernible reason . i repeatedly said no and he just kept saying acrylics i would say no gel eventually loud enough to draw attention from everyone getting pedis . i asked if there was a reason i couldnt have gels and he just kept repeating ill give you acrylics . i should have walked away then but id driven far enough i didnt want to have wasted the gas and time . eventually he  on gel powder okay gel powder is not gel . i knew that but i was sick of arguing and accepted it.nnhe did not ask me if i wanted rounded or flat tips . when he started making them flat and i said i wanted round tips he said okay last afterwards so i figured hed round them all at once . nope . he left them flat . when it became apparent thats what he was doing i tried saying again that i wanted  tips and again i was met with an answer that implied hed fix them at the end . when he declared me done and sent me to the dryer i said one last time that i had asked him for rounded tips which he ignored and just walked awaynnon top of the absolutely horrible service and failure to listen to me or explain why i couldnt get gels something ive never had a problem with anywhere before the nail job itself was absolutely horrendous they were crooked half of them cover my cuticles and far too bulky . i  each nail is almost 3 millimeters thick . go find a measuring tape and see how thick 3 millimeters is . its like having clogs strapped to my fingertips.nnmaybe their other nail technicians are better  their pedis are amazing . i wouldnt know and im  finding out . be sure to steer clear if youre looking for fake nails . awful
__label__pos ok my   flavor ... .the lychee  thats all i get now is the  with the mochi  in my tummy they were giving  5  . free at the lvac on flamingo too . definitely made my day i will be  again yogurtland
__label__pos     i  get the   and sushi the honey walnut shrimp is very good also .  there early for dinner cause all the tables are full even during the week . servers very fast the refill your drinks and take away your finished plates . will be coming back again . dont know why there are 1 star reviews on here . have never had a bad experience at this buffet .
__label__pos i was really impressed with this place . cozy  and decent  deals during happy hour . we had the bean  great i had  with gouda pretty good and my  got the tomatillo salad which she hated but was my favorite thing on the table . food was  and the recipes were  . would  it 5 stars if the service was a bit better .
__label__pos great   . get the    and  aid  waffles and  bread
__label__pos easter sunday at 11am and we were prepared to  quite a while . the host gave us an estimated time of 15 minutes and we were seated in less than 5. our server matthew greeted us immediately and took our drink orders . we were served our meals within 10 minutes of placing our orders ... ... so fast i almost got whiplashnni had the betty  fried chicken breast and waffle my daughter had the drumstick a thigh and a waffle . im not a huge waffle fan but the waffle was crisp on the outside  on the inside with a hint of cinnamon . my daughter stated the waffles werent as good as roscoes but they were a close second . the chicken was fried to perfectionnnwe ordered a few sides to share okra was delicious mac and  average . the sweet tea was sweeter than the syrup for the waffles but if you like your tea sweet it came in a huge mason jar for 3. nnthe service was excellent great value for your money 27 inc tax for two huge meals with beverages the restaurant was  food was  ... cant ask for much more
__label__neg groupon student right here . when i saw this deal i was tremendously excited  i finally  to my first class last night and i must say that im not impressed.nnfirst i will affirm other posters  that there are just too many people who attend the classes there are so many students that you will not get individualized attention from the instructor or any sense of communitytwo major components of yoga practicelet alone a spot on the floor . also the sheer volume of people completely overwhelms the front desk staff who are anything but personable welcoming or  . the front room where you store your belongings and checkin is an  madhouse so good luck getting any information . to be fair i will say that i got a very good workout in the class . but dont expect to leave with any sort of peace of mind . battling through hordes of people to reclaim your shoes will do that to you.nni think that bliss flow yoga iswas probably a very nice studio before the groupon offer . but at some point when the volume exceeds what your business is able to effectively manage and subsequently your customer service and experience suffer i think that any benefits derived from the deal disappear . ill  up my 20 class pass and hightail it to a different studio .
__label__neg we were so excited to have stumbled across a great little mexican place in the south hills that we dashed in with a party of 4 on a saturday night without a second thought . very soon after our  were dashed and or appetite was answered with a heaping  of disappointment . nninitial impressionsnn when our waitress came over to take our drink orders she had no clue what variety of margaritas they offered . she was unsure of the difference between salt and sugar . both she and the bartender needed clarification on what a captain and diet was . nnmargaritas were fine once the order was corrected but the aforementioned captain and diet was a watery mess . either they arent using top shelf as advertised and paid for or they are watering down their liquor . as a pittsburghdwelling borderline alcoholic the one thing i know with absolute certainty is how my rum is supposed to taste.nnservice and orderingnn one line will sum this up nickel and dime . with your entree its not rice and beans rather its rice or beans . god forbid you want both like at any other mexican restaurant in the world your sin is punished with a 5 upcharge.nnsimilarly you are given a choice of sour cream or guacamole with your entree . you guessed it 5 more.nn overall the service was a disaster . between the waitress owner and bartender there was a total failure to launch . repeated requests for extra napkins more chips a glass of  or even the rest of our order were put off for an embarrassingly long time some never answered at all.nnfoodnn dont come here looking for great salsa . their recipe is no more than pureed tomatoes cilantro and a dash of vinegar . no  and no flavor.nn the food served to us was average in terms of mexican  . nothing mind blowing but not quite dog food either . think better than  bell but falling far short of emilianos or  mad mex.nnreally the bottom line to this review is that this place has soso food at an overmarket price and terrifyingly subpar service . honestly this was a very disappointing experience for us as we wanted so much to love cocina mendoza.nnmaybe we can chalk this up to growing pains . i would be willing to give them a second chance in a year or so if they make it that long .
__label__pos i  this  . its incredibly odd . its a pharmacy 50s diner  store and general  all in one . nnget the  and their  are so good .
__label__pos   for your    .  for  
__label__pos i wasnt sure what to expect when i got there as i have been to some pretty cheesy  in vegas . the tickets were reasonably  and the theater was comfortable . the seats are fat friendly and its cool not hot the first act was hella funny and did some amazing juggling and  tricks . very entertaining . the  was an interesting way to break up the show ... i liked it . 2nd and  acts were hiarious too overall great show i  so hard i had tears rolling down my face this is definitely a must 
__label__neg sucks sucks sucks .   food . they  you no meat . they overcharge  .  are rude . no   . youre better off at taco bell .
__label__pos  takeout . very       . i will be back nnas i waited for my order i saw the huge portions they served to dine in guests . it was clean and smelled delicious .
__label__neg i want to like this place . im a fan of peruvian food and was delighted when this place opened in oakland back in 2009. however the disappointment i experienced during the first visit surged again during the visit today.nnboth times i ordered the 14 chicken combo which comes with two sides . i dont recall the sides i ordered the first visit but the ones today the sweet  fries and pinto beans were the saving grace of the visit . fries were fresh and crispy although somewhat less so by the time i got them back to my office pinto beans were wellseasoned and savory.nnbut the chicken the  reason i went to ajs in contrast to other reviewers experience the chicken was terribly dry and not particularly flavorful on both trips . on my first visit in 2009 i chalked it up to the expected hiccups of a place that had just opened . two years later that excuse no  holds any water . the 14 chicken portion  was from a small bird and composed of a wing and breast . perhaps because of the small size the little meat on the wing was so dry as to be crunchy ... and not in a pleasurable way . the skinny breast was also dry and fibrous . my side order of aji pollero sauce while piquant and delicious could not  the chicken . nnperhaps theres something different about the chicken at lunch left over from the day before but im not likely to rush back . my last complaint about the place ... again one that i initially chalked up to justopened hiccups ... is how long it took to get my order . both times i was the only person there . both times it took 1520 minutes to prepare my  . odd.nnto avoid ending on a sour note besides the delicious sides and aji pollero sauce the other clear positive at ajs are the employees who were friendly and welcoming both visits . makes it that much harder to leave this negative review ... .
__label__pos just visited for a day and took 2 classes  and nogi jui jitsu . extreamly nice and proffesional gym . great enviorment and equipment with an expert and  staff of real fighters . was a refreshing experience to be run through a proffesional workout with guys that are in the ring themselves . and i got a great workout was covered in sweat . gym has everything you could want to train and more . i will be  again and i encourage   to go as well . and the upside is its wanderlei silvas gym a true living legend . the wall of the old  news clippings of his pride days is a must see . the only thing that could have made it better is if i couldve met the man himself . maybe next 
__label__pos had a great time with bachelor  of  guys rick and mike took great  of  and we had two hours of  for 30 each . only two miles  the strip so easy   .
__label__neg     about    . so  to give them a try . new store opened at san tan mall so it was close and convenient . nnthe eye exam was fine really like the optometrist . the customer service on the store side however was not so great . they were courteous enough when we were choosing glasses . however when we were checking out the computer wasnt accepting the information that was being put in . the woman helping us said she didnt care if it took 20 minutes she wasnt asking for help to get in their system . nnwe were hoping it didnt take 20 minutes . eventually she figured it out.nnthe next thing that put us off was several days later when we went back in briefly to have my glasses readjusted they were a little tight . an employee took them then said plainly just want you to know that if i break them were not responsible.nnum what nnso no not the best of experiences for me and my husband . we wont go back nor would we recommend them .
__label__neg i dont like the physical location of the fiesta mall lenscrafters but i much prefer their staff at the optometrists office and the retail side.nni dont recommend booking appointments here online for your eye exams.nnthe optometrist was very nice and so was his assistance however the front desk staff for the doctors side leaves something to be desired . their area also looks messy and cluttered.nnafter our exams my daughter and i both had appointmentsnnwe choose frames and got everything ordered . the woman was perfectly  and several people tried to help us with frames while we were looking even offering pictures to do side by side comparisons with frames.nnafter ordering everything my glasses would be done in an hour and my daughter would have to wait 2 weeks.nnwe went had lunch checked out the  in the store next to lenscrafters and came back.nnmy sun glasses were fine one  adjustment and my glasses were all good it had been relatively painless here was the  though i was given a cheap lenscrafter case for my brand new glasses the normal ones and when i said id like a nicer case i paid well over a thousand dollars for 3 pairs of glasses when i purchase new glasses i expect a new case and i should get one i was told they didnt have a case for the brand i choose . hell i will pay for a case but i will have a better case im not walking out with the cheap crappy case . so the gentleman that was adjusting my glasses went round and round with me about how the cheap case was in fact nice.nni dont need to kick back i just want another case . i was given a better case not one id have chosen but i will take it . but he kept loudly stating that hed make sure i left with a not crappy case 5 or 6 times the lady who was looking for a case for me looked embarrassed that he was antagonizing and belittling my preference for quality when i paid for quality . they dont take my insurance on the retail side i paid for my glasses with cash and may be  for some of it . its not like this was a charity case and i should be grateful for  that i get.nni probably wouldnt have bothered with a review however my daughters glasses have now taken the 2 weeks they said it would take and im a little surprised i ha vent gotten a call yet so i will followup with them.nnthinking about the whole ordeal  me think that the fiesta mall  is a better choice even if its further and i dont like the area .
__label__neg this location has horrible   . i recently  frames planning to have the rx lenses  by costco way more affordadable than the high index progressives offered by lenscrafters with insurance . i informed the employee that i was unhappy with the fit and would like a smaller fitting frame . i was then  to l look at the tag for the sizing  . being one of two customers in the store i do not feel that  for this assistance was too much to ask for . unhappy with the selection and lack of guidance i returned my purchase and left . i truly dislike  .
__label__neg please do not  your time . i am warning you . it is nothing like the website or a restaurant at all . it is merely a store front that has some meat in the back . although there was a menu with several options we were only given  . they were ill prepared for dinner service but i can imagine the lunch is any  . i ordered the doner kebab on turkish bread and received it on a wrap . after returning the wrap i then received the flavorless meat on soggy  with no sauce . it was not even edible . i was happy that they did not charge for this mess however they made their  off of a beer they charged us  for . the worst part is the website that is so deceiving . we were served food in styrofoam sitting in an alley with  glass and a stereo  bad music loudly . if you want to experience a little bit of turkey i guess the only option you have is to go to turkey .
__label__neg this particular center hosts the like of ichiza korean garden barbecue and  bakery . this place is a disgrace to the center and would be much better suited for tourists on the strip.nnlets call it what it is a korean  knock off at a trendy restaurant price.nnportions they  you to cook are small and are doggy bag quality.nnservice was very slow less than  and did not  a decent tip . nnwe actually  away hungry and my wife felt bad for suggesting it.nnif you want japanese go upstairs to ichiza . if you want to eat a lot and not break the bank go upstairs to korean garden barbecue.nnif you want an intimate atmosphere and want to ask a girl to attend your prom borrow dads credit card and take her here .
__label__pos this was an enjoyable experience . tasted good and was priced decently.nni had a bbq lamb sandwich . which is something i had never heard of . it was essentially a pulled  sandwich but with  . the sauce was good . the bun was soft without being mushy . the meat was tender . the  were  delicious they had that sort of  coating on them . with the soda i  it was 7 or 8 bucks.nneveryone else in the party had gyros which they all seemed to like.nnrestaurant was clean and the staff was friendly .
__label__pos let me first note that the sushi was a 55nni got the sushi dinner . 7 pieces of nigiri and your choice of either tuna roll or california roll could make either spicy for no additional chargennthe tuna roll was typical but was a pristine example of what a standard tuna roll should be . rice packed nicely quality  . i asked for the spicy sauce on the side i wasnt crazy about it but that may be my  feeling  most spicy sauces.nnthe nigiri pieces were perfect . the rice was the perfect consistency and size bite size the cuts of fish themselves were much more generous . the rice was  similar to that at uni but the pieces were larger and no accompanying sauces . every piece was exceptional and the  itself is quite a steal at 20.nnthe chicken satay was good but standard . i did particularly enjoy the pickled  and jimica served along side . the satay sauce itself was quite good on the sweeter side and not much heat . nnthe sweet and sour soup was also very tasty a subtle heat so that you know youre eating something spicy but no real burn or anything close to unpleasant.nnmy dining companion chose the vegetable pineapple fried rice . it was tasty but nothing spectacular . more ore less a mound of rice with some broccoli egg cashews and large chunks of pineapple . good but i wouldnt go out of my way for it . a savory meat added to the dish may have made it quite a bit  though and i definitely wouldnt object to having it as a side to an entree.nnthe tables at the restaurant are a bit closer than i feel comfortable with . there are about 2 feet between yourself and the next table . i could  the conversations on either side of me in full.nnour waitress stephanie i believe was very knowledgeable and accomadting . she did not rush us in the slightest all i could ask for from service.nncliffsnsushi is fantastic and sushi combo is a hell of a dealnother sampled dishes are goodntables too closennill definitely be back .
__label__neg i   fresh and  ... but when you have to wait 15 minutes to order and another 15 minutes to receive the order plus   ... .not a good mixntry two cashiers when you got 4  or more in one line ... that would cut the first  
__label__neg went to ensos for a friends birthday . his girlfriend had tried to make reservations for 7 or 730. she was told that 8 was the earliest . no big deal except when we showed up at 730 it was not crowded at all and we were seated  away . at our tables there were already glasses of water waiting . however they already had beads of condensation on them and the ice cubes had already melted . i had ordered pad thai not wanting sushi for once mistake . the pad thai was horrible . i can buy instant pad thai at an asian market that has more flavor . my boyfriend ordered the mongolian beef that was better than the pad thai though thats not  much . there were a  of green onions . one of our friends order the  pepper steak he could see the peppercorns . the birthday man  sushi . he said hes had better for less . as far as the ambience it was a little bizarre that they were showing a  fu movie in the restaurant some of the staff looked like they were wanting to sell more than what was on the menu . the drinks were  thats why i gave them 2 stars . over priced and most definitely not worth the  . im pretty sure none of us will be going back .
__label__neg  was   .  was   .  being  to clear out . would not recommend .
__label__pos this beautiful hotel is located in the perfect  right off the royal mile . it is easy to walk to the  or castle from this location . the staff was friendly and courteous during my entire stay . i greatly enjoyed staying here for a week with my family while visiting the wonderful city of edinburgh.nnthe complimentary  has a good  of hot meats eggs beans cold fruits cereal bread and croissants.nnthe rooms are nicely decorated and the bathrooms are large . my only complaint is inconsistencies with the cleaning staff . they did not change my towels . i am fine with using the same towels for a few days but what  bothered me was the fact that they didnt change the washcloths . i finally left a note with a tip  clean washcloths and i received one . i didnt receive any more clean washcloths until i again left a note with a tip .  they didnt leave new water in the fridge or tea packets daily just from time to time . i did however get a  bonus of lip balm and a face spray one day next to my soap .
__label__neg first big ups to yelp and giving me a 20 off food coupon on my phone after checking in at  rock cafu00e9 . we were in a  of 10 so that was big savings .  it to the waiter and he applied the discount no problemo.nnfood disappointing to say the least . pulled pork sandwich was dry and the bbq sauce was too sweet and overpowering . i also observed my other friends who did not finish their  not a good sign given that it was lunch and we were hungry . nndrinks had a large sized mojito which is supposed to have at least 3 shots . tasted like there was no booze at all . my friend who got the same  absolutely concurred . not happy.nnservice combined with the 20 off yelp coupon the service was the  grace points of our visit . our guy was spot on full of energy would sing along with the tracks in the background and  us descriptions of the dishes . now if only the descriptions could turn into taste it would have been a better  .
__label__pos just awesome . professional crew .  and kevin are great . i love the  .  day  will work just  spectrum my   game.nnits papa the crown champ of pinball tournaments .
__label__neg omg dont do it took my team in had reservations for 11 people got seated right away in a very nice section with comfortable seating then it went down hill . fast . the server angela was the worst person i have ever come in contact with in the service industry i eat out for business and personal more than three hundred days a year and i aint talkin restaurants with drive thrus . angela walked up spoke and then took our drink orders . beer was 36.00 for 6 domestic and 40.00 for anything other than that . its vegas so that is on par . ordered chicken nachos cheese managed to be greasy and without taste chicken was sparse and again without flavor . how do you screw up nachos . and on top of that the portion was anything other than generous but i  that was a good thing . 14.00 for that lesson . steak sandwich 27.00. good but a little fatty and tough bread was soaked with oil . decent portion but one would expect better flavor from an emeril restaurant . bbq shrimp four in greasy bbq sauce with a few pieces of nuked pieces of pita 16.00 dollars they were fresh but again meh on flavor . pouring the greasy bbq goop on boiled shrimp wont get it . shrimp sandwiches were very good but i really wish that they had used  four shrimp for the sandwich rather than chopping up two . 17.00. meh meh meh now why angela will not be invited to the party . she made no attempt to place the food in front of the person that ordered it and at one point when we tried to help she purposely put the plates at the opposite end of the table from the person who placed the order rolled her eyes mumbled something and walked off . when she got back a member of my team was in the process of asking about his order because he and another person had not received their order after ten minutes of the rest of the table receiving theirs she stared at him and then as he was in mid sentence she turned and asked if someone else wanted a water refill . shen then left the table . we were in disbelief . another server brought the food a few moments later . angela showed back up and stared at me as she asked about dessert i had had enough and said no but a few members of my team said that they did not want our first real meeting break to be ruined by her and wanted to enjoy dessert . i complied . she again went out of her way to place our food away from us and at one point as one of the guys reached for his  pie she moved it away from him and sat it in front of someone  as we were eating our dessert i noticed one of the guys at our table ken had not received his shake when i asked him about it he shrugged . we saw angela approaching and motioned for her . she walked up and said what ken and the team at this point were done . ken stated that he had not received his shake but did not want it and asked her to take it off the tab . she then said that his shake was ready and then  down to a little table where it had been sitting . before i could ask why if the shake had been sitting on a table on the lower level and she could have just brought it when she came up she rolled her eyes and said okay and again walked off really she brought the check and it of course had a twenty percent gratuity added . my team was in full protest at this and i asked to speak to the manager . i then understood the  that  angela to believe that her behavior was okay . to say that he was indifferent would be in the top five understatements of the year . after discussing their large party tipping policy he finally said that he would remove the gratuity and i could tip as i saw fit . he then left and gave the check to angela . while i could not feel good about twenty percent i did give her ten as i did not want her to have to pay taxes on a tip that she did not get . she returned the gift dinner cards that we paid with and stated that they had not gone through . i asked if she was sure and she said yes . i then gave her my amex for the difference and left . i had a member of my team check the gift card balances the next day and angela had charged each one she had made sure that she had received a tip 90.00 on a 270.00 bill i immediately called the restaurant and now they are looking into it i now have to do a chargeback on my amex . never again will i or anyone from my  set foot in this stadium .
__label__neg lagasses  is a converted nightclub that is now a sports barbook . nnthere is a section with theater style seating that is really nicely setup although upper  are  far from screens . the cost is 100 per person for 3 hours . the food is standard sports bar food mostly deep fried options and burgerssteaks . nnfoodnunimpressive and overpriced.nnambiencenits fun to watch the games at a sports bar with people all decked out in their various jerseys  when their team scores and groaning when they lose . nnbe warned there are several tables that at are awkwardly  out and have poor view of tvs or can only see one screen.nncostnit is way overpriced . we only went because we had a coupon from the venetian for 2 people . nnoverall id say go to one of the sports books and watch there . i really  the one at the wynn where you can sit and have a drink and  food behind zoozoo crackers . although there is smoke from casino which is a bummer .
__label__neg my experiences here have never been good . nni frequent vegas quite often and whenever there is a sporting event i usually  up here . every time ive been here for an event their tvs are  messing up and falling behind regular time . for example you will hear other areas of the bar cheering because they are on real time while your personal tables tv has fallen behind . quite a nightmare for the fan experience . nnit is set up to be a great sports bar and yet over the past few years still hasnt gotten its act together . nnthe food is  for what you get . i dont mind spending 1520 on a burger but it better be good nndo yourself a  and  this spot . instead why not head  to lavo and enjoy some amazing food and drink in an ambiance that is much more relaxing . nnif you really want to watch sports while in vegas i suggest going to any of the  sports lounges and calling it a day . this place is only going to frustrate both your taste  and your wallet .
__label__pos ive heard lots and  about innout so when we finally made it out to the west coast i told my husband that i was not leaving until i had had an innout burger . and let me tell you they are worth all that fuss . i was a  shocked at the limited menu they have but it didnt affect me in any way . i  i was  to get the doubledouble  style thanks to all the reviews id read . it was hot and cheesy and amazing . my husband had a hamburger and it was really tasty and flavorful too much to my  . why are they not a countrywide chain yet come on innout get to michigan 
__label__pos i love  b its east  but  me  like im in a  bigger than madison . strong drinks friendly service and everyone im with gay or  usually gets a number .  just seems really friendly there . definitely a  time .
__label__pos what a beautiful bar nni went for my first  this past  for doom disco . the djs played amazing jams all night long . the drinks were  and the beer selection was pretty fantastic nnthe unisex bathroom is    but ya im not  into that .
__label__neg there is no justification in the service i received . i went to meet a couple of friends the friday before last . they happen to run into a friend of theirs . that gentlemen ordered some shots drinks and  . i  him tell the bartender it was on his bosss tab . a while later they tried to get him to pay his tab . he said i told you it was on my bosss tab long story short his boss had left and they never put it on his tab . some time goes by the manager walks over to myself and the gentleman i was sitting with . he asked if we knew this other man . the gentleman i was with says he knew him a little i stated ive never met him before . the manager asked if we can get him to pay his tab . i personally find this to be extremely tacky and unprofessional we did not come here with this man it is not our responsibility . ive bartended in scottsdale and vegas . it is the serverbartenders responsibility nto get the credit card when starting a tab . after all they did make sure to get mine . the manager stated it was just 1 drink whats the big deal i clarified with him that it was just one drink again he stated yes . i didnt  to deal with trying to get some man i dont know to pay his tab and i didnt enjoy my evening being interrupted by this nonsense so i said if its just one drink put it on my tab which i shouldnt have to do . the manager shook my hand and said thank you.nn30 min later i  out my tab . keep in mind all i had was 2 drinks and bought my friend a drink . my tab was 62.00 the bartender ended up putting that mans entire tab on mine . i called her over and i told her i found that to be very sneaky and disrespectful . she stated i said i would pay for the whole thing . i stated that was incorrect she continued to argue with me . why are we arguing this is not my friend nor my tab . there is nothing to argue about . nnshe finally went to speak to the manager . after about 10 minutes she comes back has me sign a voided sales receipt for the 62.00. she never apologizes and then runs my card for my drinks plus one of his . i understand i said i would pay for this mans drink but being that he had an entire tab it seems desperate to have a complete stranger pay for 1 of his drinks just to minimize how much of his tab theyll have to eat . every bar has a spillcomp tab . they shouldnt make anybody else responsible for this ... on top of the  arguing lack of apology and wait time to get this solved . as a person who runs a business myself if my employees neglect to follow protocol ie neglect to obtain credit card in this caseni eat the cost . i most certainly wouldnt have another paying customer cover it.nnto make matters worse myself and a friend who frequents this establishment went in to talk to a manager about this incident . i gave the mod my business card and have yet to hear back from anyone . it has been 10 days . i never  about a place without giving the manager an opportunity to fix it ... so there you have it folks ... they lack professionalism big time in this place .
__label__neg alright . to be  over the past couple of days i had just gotten caught up on my back  of whisky  and i went into this store full of great ideas for tasty beverages for christmas and birthday gifts . nni think the frys near me has a more varied bourbon selection . no elijah craig . no cave creek bourbon . meh . basil hayden will do just fine but i was not impressed with the overall choices . yes there are some good wellknown ones like  reserve etc but not much variety if you are looking for something special or small batch.nni did score some cool guinness glasses in the gift section that mr. m will love . nnwhat pushed me to the 2star review was that while i was in the bourbon aisle it was very crowded because on the opposite side is all the rum etc and other stuff i dont buy . the only clear liquors i buy are belvedere and a couple of tequilas . ok. maybe several tequilas but anyway it was crowded.nni had already been almost run over by a tall employee in a big hurry and then suddenly in the aisle comes 4 employees pushing 2 large carts with boxes to unpack and another employee dragging a huge ladder to get or put something on the top shelf . nni did see the truck at the loading dock so maybe it was late but generally isnt all the shelfstocking supposed to go on after hours i dont see why in the world all that mess needed to  into that aisle at once either . but the real kicker was that the employees openly expressed their frustration . i heard one comment of well never get this done .  . darn those customers anyway . nnyou know what it costs nothing to say hi . how ya doin nnhi . you look thirsty . is there something i can help you find nnneed any help finding anything nnand then maybe those pesky customers will find their booze and get out of your way . ridiculous and rude was my experience today . nnthe cashier was nice so she gets one of the stars and the makers of basil  get the other one . ive been to this store a couple of  and always had mediocre to rude service and dont plan on returning . every time i find myself in gilbert anyway i always think why the hell am i in gilbert i dont have a minivan or a fat suv and a herd of obnoxious kids and dogs i take everywhere . i dont belong here
__label__pos nicest staff  we drive   other smashburger  to go here because of the friendly peeps who work here and will  to   to  you happy
__label__neg food 3.5 starsnservice  starnnit is a strange feeling to be in a restaurant a place that is by no means close to full and to feel unwanted by your server . maybe this guy was just having a terrible day but with every question every request my friends and i could feel his hatred burning . it started with inquiring about whether or not we had to do the allyoucaneat . most places i know have that as an option but this seemed to be the be all and end all by the way he was speaking ... except it wasnt . awkward . nnnote to you we didnt get the ayce but you might as well if youre remotely hungry because it will come to about the same price . nnthe miso soup was a bit blah . the edamame was good and came in a huge portion size . the maki itself was great i had a spicy salmon roll as well as a dynamitetempura shrimp one both very fresh tasty and covered in fish eggs . tried my friends tuna sashimi not so fresh tasting but at least we had a few rolls going to make up for it . nnbill confusion pay upfront . they probably wont separate it for you but we got them to split it equally four ways . good  which for the most part gets utterly burried under some youredumbwhyareyouhere service . unfortunate but true of this experience i had .
__label__neg definitely  downhill since my last visit . enough so for me to finally create a yelp log in and wrote a  . i  get the southwest chicken salad which is or was i should say amazing they no longer carry it or several of their other choice selections they once offered so i settled on an old favorite the  greifo . unfortunately it was lacking  since theyve changed their orderingservice style and  on what  they did remember to put on . pretty disappointed . hate companies that rely on the gimmick of their  rather than actual product .
__label__neg i gave this two  because i will not go  . the only  i didnt give it one star was because the food was edible and the service was ok.  i want more than mediocre food for my money . we had the chicken taco combo and a green chile burrito enchilada style was hoping for a tasty red sauce but it was a soupy green tasteless sauce . we had the tomatillo sauce and the pico de gallo . all of it including the chips were bland . i had a stevia lemonade and my partner had a mango lemonade . mine had too much stevia in it and i am a big stevia user . partners lemonade was soso . not much mango flavor and even the lemonade flavor didnt taste natural . why pay 2.50 for lemonade from a mix we dont feel a need to  them  try as we often do because everything was consistently boring . too bad because i like to encourage places that  healthy foods like whole wheat tortillas and brown rice .
__label__pos  just as good as   . nnthe   is very neat and organized big fan of that and have a great friendly staff . they have a wide variety of items some things you can hardly find anywhere else in vegas . nnthe salad bar ... oh my goodness the salad bar . i come here for the salad bar alone too often . so many options . so many toppings . also the deli and pizza place looks pretty dang good and i would be more than willing to give them a try if i am ever not in the mood for their salad bar . just to be clear i would never eat at any other grocery stores deli section . theyre just that 
__label__pos i have to give vivace 5 stars for a number of reasons nn1 .  is outstanding . go here and you will be treated the way i wish every restaurant in the world  their customersfriendly and respectful staff no snobbery either . nn2 . the food . here are just a few of my favorites nnmussels if you are a mussel fan get these . a large portion of mussels none of this 10 dinky  in a dinky cereal bowl type of thing . the broth is excellent . want extra bread for dipping recommended ... no problem nncured meat and cheese board you can select a variety of cheeses and meats for a yummy appetizer . the staff has never steered me wrong when asking for a recommendation . nnwarm bittersweet chocolate cake i have come to vivace solely for this  after eating dinner elsewhere . be difficult like me and ask for plain vanilla gelato if they have it in purist fashion . nni have  a variety of their entrees the salmon and duck particularly  out . oh and their brunch options are delish and will cure even the sickliest of  with class of course . portions are very nicely sized . the atmosphere is lively modern but still  and unstuffy . please go to vivace it will not be your last visit .
__label__pos bevwho nthis place rocks  prices are  and they normally have coupons in the sunday  . nlast time we were there they had a rum tasting . the staff is very   sometimes hard to find . ni think it took us 2 rum  and 20 minutes to pick out a tequila for a  ... the selection is huge nnprost
__label__neg so disappointed i used to always come here specifically for the caprices sandwich . today i was served a hot mess . literally a caprices sandwich served hot . theres nothing more unappealing than warm shrivel up tomatoes . i  asked for extra basil as i always do which usually  in whole leaves of basil on my sandwich . today it didnt  to have any extra just thinly sliced slivers of basil laying next to the wilted  tomatoes . thank god their tabouli is still to die for . i  my order to go and i should have  something was amiss when condensation was  inside the to go box . and while the the thin strips of dressing on the outside of the bread may look good they certainly  for oily hands .
__label__neg  ill put up a picture i took yesterday ... . one photo says a thousand words ... . creepy  guys drinking watersoda totally and obviously eyeballing each woman in the bar . i couldnt  stay for a drink because they were creeping me out . one guy walked up to me and looked straight down my  burped and walked off . wtf i never  about crude stuffmostly because there are very few situations like this but i couldnt  how violated i felt . i immediately placed a bet on my horse for the  stakes and promptly walked to valle luna .
__label__neg   to  over easy disappointing . nnit wouldve been an ok breakfast place if it wasnt for all the hype . ive been trying to visit this place since i found out it was on diners driveins and dives so when i saw the deal on doozy of a deal i purchased it right away . i made my own omelette with chicken garlic and spinach . the chicken was overcooked and the omelette and my hash browns were terribly greasy . my cousin ordered the wolfpack and was also disappointed with her meal . it just didnt seem up to par with a place that was on food network.nnthe icing on the cake was the over easy ice their iced coffee . they couldve given me a cup of water and cardamom and it wouldnt have tasted any different . we couldnt wait to get to the car to get some gum to get the taste out of our mouths and even that didnt help . after reading other peoples reviews it looks like they hardly had any caradmom so looks like over easy needs to figure out a way to uniformly make their coffee.nnsorry over  you were quite  .
__label__pos i grew up in las vegas . i was not introduced to the concept of last call until i moved to ohio at 17 years old . it was a huge shock . i couldnt believe other people had the right to tell me when i could or couldnt purchase delicious alcoholic beverages . despite the fact that i was 17 years old and i was therefore legally forbidden to buy alcoholic beverages for at least another 3 years this last call business really  me.nnim typically not ready to end the night just because mr. last call wants to be a party pooper and rear his ugly head . i usually plan for this likely event beforehand but im not going to say im a stranger to jumping in a cab at 150 screaming at the driver with the urgency some  reserve for labor pains that i need a liquor store pronto this leads to me overpaying for the cab overpaying for liquor and generally overtesting my patience because apparently to some cab drivers pronto  drive safely and obey all posted speed limits . pussies.nnthis my friends is where the beauty of a liquor store with a builtin bar comes in . this way when last call comes around i merely need to mosey on down the hall to make my afterhours selection and patiently ask my cab driver to take me to the destination of my choice . everybody winsnnthe bar has a great  of beers on  . on our last visit which just happened to be halloween night there was not one but two different pumpkin drafts . the ever popular four peaks pumpkin porter and another one which i dont quite  the name of but it tasted like pumpkin pie in a pint glass . i was tempted to ask for whipped cream . nnwe experimented with several different beverages throughout the course of the night . i awoke the next morning to find a note written to myself in my phone that merely saidnnlos abbey angel share is the most delciousber of allll timennas you can clearly read lost abbey angels share is the most delicious beer of all time . they serve it here for 13 a glass . its totally worth it though . its extremely strong and tastes like a combination of chocolate and jesus . another winwin.nnill definitely be back to taste of tops . cab  everywhere rejoice .
__label__pos cool candy store with rows of old and  candies . some of it i remember eating as a kid and some i have never seen before now . the walls are covered with cool posters of oldies but goodies like lucy and  stooges and then there are the bottles of soda  . nni counted so  different root beers and i kept looking for the one chocolate soda i had as a  but got so confused i dont know if it was  found . nna really   full of nostalgia and sweet treats .
__label__pos second time within two months of eating at wholly grill . found it for the first time during the filipino festival at mekong . daughter spent a month in bacolod negros  philippines this summer so she was craving some of her favorites .  pork on a stick was excellent . huge serving of rice and your choice of sides . we ordered the green  salad but they were out so we got the daikoncarrot  . also ordered lumpia ... fresh and made to order . got a turon which was sweet and yummy and also  and hot . they did not have lechon on a  but had lechon  ... was interesting being deep fried but not  as tasty as their regular lechon they have on the weekends . halo halo was much better than the one we had at jollibees on oahu but admittedly not as good as the ones she had in bacolod . overall great service cooked to order food and tasty . brought along a friend who never had filipino food and shes now a fan .
__label__neg this isnt the worst place ive been to but was a long way from being a 5 star . the plus side was the cost of food and drinks . the drinks werent bad . the food  use a little improvement but still was decent.nnthis was my  time to da and i can truly  i will never  . the staff seemed to lack communication and training . 1 we had a party and an area was supposed to be reserved for the group . waiters sat people in our area . 2 we waited thirty minutes for our drinks . i waited another  minutes for another drink which i was informed was taken to the wrong table . the replacement was brought out in  minutes . 3  that was brought out by a helping waitress had no clue who or what table to take it to.nnif this place would work on its training i might consider coming back .
__label__neg very pricey ... at least  to normal yogurt places such as yogurtland . the yogurt itself is very creamy ... together . its actually a bit too creamy for me as i wanted a more yogurty feel rather than eating the many gelato places all over the strip . anyway this is what i triednncheesecake definitely reminds me of a sour creamcream cheese  but very very creamy.nntart i honestly thought you couldnt go too wrong with plain tart but it was creamy and way too sour . there was really no flavor to it just creamy sourness ... if thats even a flavor.nnchocolate again a bit of a  . it did taste better than most of the other yogurts but it wasnt too  . i guess its one of those ill eat it if i have to since im craving chocolate and i need it now last resorts.nnpistachio absolutely no flavor . just a sweet icy thing . hideous.nnstrawberry this one was my favorite . it was pretty much the only edible thing there ... actually tasted like strawberries and cream . again not the best by far but certainly edible.nnoverall i am definitely still on my  to find a  yogurt place in vegas ...
__label__neg un resto qui engage une  qui  comprend pas un mot de francais cest  et innaceptable u00e0 montru00e9al . et cest tout ce que jai u00e0 dire  ce resto car il na pas eu un rond de 
__label__pos last night i visited for the second time . the first time i say the service was horrible and so was the food but didnt want to  it a bad review off one visit . well  night made up for the my first visit . nni came in with a friend and we sat at the bar . there was only 2 other people up there and the bartender acknowledge us right away and said he would be right with us . drinks were served fast and once we figured out want we wanted to eat our order was taken promptly . while we were sitting  the bartender was nice and chatting with  . definitely makes sitting at the bar a plus . my friend said he would come back just to sit at the bar and hang out with him.nnthe food i ordered carne asada tacos with rice and beans . the carne asada was so yummy with great flavor . it only had onions and cilantro on top and that was really all i needed . my friend had a chicken burrito enchilada style and after  bite he was all about it . he  is platenni will definitely  back now that i have had better experience
__label__pos im normally not on this side of town but i came here with a friend who was swearing by how great the food was and i wasnt disappointed . i never knew there was a little nook of restaurants in this area but its a nice area and the restaurant is big and completely mexican while being interesting . the bar area also has tvs for watching a game and enjoying a meal if youre so inclined . nnwhen i first sat down i was  with chips that were still warm and toasty along with red and  sauces and  beans . the lunch menu is a nice sampling of the dinner options and served with great proportions to be filling without  . i had the carnitas ma pita which was pork prepared in a way that i hadnt had since i was back home . the spanish rice was warm moist and spiced with a nice  flavor . the  was authentic and the service was attentive without being annoying and it was great to see a team effort of everyone helping your table and not just those that were assigned . nni will be returning whenever im in the area and  even drive out there for dinner and that says something since i normally dont exceed my  code .
__label__neg wow this restaurant has the worst customer service came in for lunch around 1130 and the restaurant was pretty empty . we were a party of two and the host told us it would be a minute or so then  party of two comes in and he goes to seat them right away ... it wasnt until i spoke up that he then sat us first . then to make a really    short we waited over an hour for appetizers and then was overcharged when i  it out to the waitressbartender she first tried saying its because i got a filling in my taquitos really because the menu  choice of filling for 6.89 she then said its a  in the register system whatever ill stick with viva mercados
__label__neg sas definitely fell short of my expectations . when you walk in the decor definitely overtakes youi would feel bad for  tripping because its  happy and candy inspired land all wrapped into one . they have quite a number of cupcake flavorsyour traditional vanilla and  along side trendy ones such as margarita cookies n cream smores creamsicle etc.nn i got my cupcake to go ... ..and they served it in a bag . wtf who serves a cupcake in a  when they readily have their  pink boxes   there maybe they werent happy with me because i used the citipass  coupon for a free cupcake so i got it for free as if that werent a cupcake faux pas when i tried the smores cupcake it was pretty bad . so bad that i only finished half of it because it was so dry . this coming from a girl who has a credo no cupcake left behind.nni would definitely pass on sas .
__label__neg i found v. picasso ultimately very disappointing . theyve worked hard on the place and the decor is lovely albeit a bitvegasesque . however the tapas themselves are lackluster and while certain  have promise others were incredibly disappointing . the spanish ham machengo and olive tapa was not only more minuscule than one would expect two  of  tapas does not include simply obtaining nothing but air . the tortilla with chorizo was simultaneously bland and a bit chewy . ive enjoyed many a spanish  and this one just felt under  and overvalued . nnthe sangria was also incredibly underwhelming . we were offered a sample of each red and white to try . white seems the best but the actual pitcher we obtained was filled with the sharp taste of excessive lemon rind and generally  . the two bright spots were in the dessert and the service . the dessert churro which we ordered was itself rather unimpressive and more doughy than ive usually expected even from a spanish style churro . however the accompanying mocha chocolate sauce was nothing short of amazing . absolutely totally amazing . as in i wanted to dip everything ever in that chocolate . wonderful.nnfinally our waitress lisa was friendly helpful and ultimately made the night far better than the lackluster meal deserved . she was a definite bright spot and deserves mention.nnoverall id go to v.picasso for a glass of wine and maybe a dessert . but id  the meal aspects and certainly the sangria.nnmr . fuentes has a delightful chain of restaurants and breakfast places in the area but this foray into fine dining is a misstep .
__label__pos arranged for a small group of 22 to meet for happy hour and great acoustic music . not only did they graciously accommodate the group but the  erin was able to give separate checks and constantly checked to see if everything was good and made sure that everyone was taken care of  . the  was great  so simple as sliders were made to taste amazing with sauteed onions and pickles . the beer sampler was a huge  and enjoyed by many in the group . this place knows how to make  everyone  happy . the whole  was pleased and cant wait to go back . thank you thank you thank you
__label__neg we decided to check out howl at the moon since we were getting used to same old  and  at the big bang in tempe . we went in around 830 or 9 on friday night and there still plenty of tables to  at and there was a 7 dollar cover . the bar itself is well stocked and  very clean and presentable with good prices for old town and they bring around interesting shots like jello shots in  plastic syringes so its definitely a good place to stop by for a few drinks before going elsewhere.nnunfortunately the talent on stages range from average to laughably bad particularly for a friday night one of the musicians attempted to play green day on the guitar but was playing the wrong chords while smirking with the other musicians clearly aware that he sucked . one of the singers was apparently tonedeaf but fortunately the sound guy realized this and kept the mic level so low you could barely hear it . instead we just kind of got the idea that they were playing a familiar song . they also attempted some kind of cringeworthy stomp routine which consisted of banging on trash cans with drumsticks which was supposed to rile up the crowd but mostly cause a  . its nice that they have other instruments like trumpet or flute available for the entertainers but it would be nicer if they knew how to play them . when they stuck to the basics with singing and playing the piano they did well but i kept having the feeling that they were seeing how poorly they can play while still entertaining the crowd and getting paid . i  with time they will find consistent talent but at this point im sticking with the big bang for my piano bar fix .
__label__pos i walked in and first noticed the spacing and style of the place . i liked it . i  the honey vanilla latteless sweet and iced . it was great the hint of  was just right and not too  . unfortunately i didnt have the friendliest  when my order was taken ... but she  up when she have me my order .  next time i go the person who takes my order will be a  nicer and more inviting . and gon na try a 
__label__pos  . modern steak may be my new favorite place to  . nnive only been for  so far still need to do  there . nnonce again eric was our waiter and he was just amazing and remembered us from the  we had been to a few months prior . nnthe food was just beyond perfect nnmy one complaint the hostesses wear very very short dresses .   short . other then that this place can do no wrong in my eyes .
__label__neg ate here three times based on a fodors  of the tortilla soup but found that the whole dining experience was below average at best . 3   it average to below average . my order was mixed up 2 of the 3 times i dined there . the quality of  in particular the tortilla soup was just okayagain only average . also the service was slow though they seemed to have ample staff . those are the cons that make me rate it as only 2 stars and trust me living in the biltmore neighborhood the location was convenient where i wanted to love it.nnwhat is exceptional about the restaurant were the grounds surrounding it . the architecture and design is what you would expect from frank lloyd wrightexcellent with   and open design .  out taliesen in scottsdale if you  the frank lloyd wright experience
__label__pos i remember  there to eat a  while back . i ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and was not disappointed in the  . the portion was  and the  was  . the waiter was courteous and  . the  was delicious .
__label__neg this is probably the first time i have given such a bad review to any restaurant i have eaten at . my  and i had  for breakfast and it could not have been  . the bagels had no taste and nor did any of the sides we  . how can you make such tasteless eggs and breakfast potatoes is  i can not understand.nworse there is a one cup limit on coffee . can you believe it for a  place you  only one filling of  . avoid this place like a plague if you can manage it .
__label__pos its interesting that this style of show fits in better in any other decade of vegas than the current . this is authentically   from the performances down to the theater itself . nnthese guys sing fantastic . i seemed to be mostly drawn to listening to toby the bass of the quartet . i wish i could sing like that the blending of harmonies seemed effortless and i actually preferred when they sang acapella over with the full band . dont get me wrong though the band kicked butt as well but everyone knew who the stars were.nnrandom side note but the youngest member of the group reminded me of pete campbell from  men . i started thinking about the slippery personal slope hes been on this  and it has been enjoyable as hell.nnstand out  for me were ooo baby baby like buttah and just my imagination . human nature certainly know how to work a crowd . everyone was on their feet clapping and singing along by the end . nnmost people would have a preconceived idea of 4 white guys singing the best of motown as terrible but this was anything but that . they were shockingly  . id recommend this to pretty  anyone .
__label__pos   sushi   and    . the television is always playing something innapropriate for the place and loudly which is a big distraction to the guests . it is terribly expensive and the atmosphere is very plain . still the food and service is very good and this is the only good  place in the area .
__label__neg gave this place another shot with my wife . food was  good wings . the crowd herr is very strange . there is a very clear  of older aged  that make this bar uncomfortable . my  and i almost felt unwelcomed and   being asked to  and leave to make  for them . the layout is also strange and isnt very good for large groups . theres many other better options within a mile ...
__label__neg this guy will  you off . brought an   gold and  necklace in to  what it was worth or what it would cost to fix . he offered 300 to buy it and said it would cost 150 to fix . he was completely condescending and rude the entire time . nntook it down the street to an estate  who offered 500 to buy it and said they could fix it for  .
__label__neg i gave this place a chance . numerous times ... but i now feel 100 confident in saying i will never walk into this location ever again . the  are  and worth the one or two wears ... but i refuse to look or speak to any of those rude  . its  you ruin their day asking for something .  did a great  hiring the worst  of people ever . have i mentioned that awful high pitched alarm that is constantly going off at the register ill take my 20 bucks to one at  square .
__label__pos through our friends staying at the valley ho tee hee we had the pleasure of getting a cooking demotip sesh with sean currid  at valley ho . not only was sean incredibly friendly and helpful but the  was duh phenomenal . nnwe had a moz and tomato salad perfect starter followed by a kale with white bean side accompanied by some awesome pan  croutons . nnusing some ingredients straight from the stands at the market was a cool way to incorporate local goods woot buy local nnthis was a great way to start  two of our trip ... . a definite must check out local or tourist alike nnnonly  we had reservations but by the time we got there  reservation folks had taken our bagsseats ... flipside of that is that the guy who was hosting the event  out of his way to get chairs and ensure we were taken care of ...
__label__neg gim me some sugar gim me some artificial tasting frosting and then gim me my tooth brush . nnsorry to be the buzz kill of the group but im not loving what i had here . we ordered 3 different macarons nutella maplebacon and late night snack . the first bite of each all i could think of was how  it tasted . it tasted like someone had stuffed store bought cake frosting in between the macarons . i took a  of each and couldnt finish any of them . nnthe rest of their dessert cake wasnt that  . they had inidividual size  like dirt cake and the such but each costing around 6 gim me no  intended a  . way overpriced on all of their desserts here . would much  spend my money and calories elsewhere .
__label__neg ok so ive been to a couple locations and by far this has the  wings i dont think ill be coming back ... ive realized that hooters isnt consistent with their sauces i guess  location makes their own sauces i always order hot sometimes naked sometimes breaded ... regardless i always get hot . this hot sauce had no flavor its so  that i thought they didnt sauce my wings and i ordered extra for dipping ... it was just no good . the chicken itself tasted weird ... and im a wing  so i know what chicken wing  taste like when its old it tasted old and dirty like it hadnt been rinsed before frying ... it was pretty bad . service is cool though ... the best location in the vegas area is in sunset station in henderson it worth the drive ... plus they have 20 wings and a  for 20 
__label__pos 5 star service and pricing here can a tire shop really offer the best service ive experienced anywhere all year i  so nncame here the day after christmas and it was very busy . but the employees were attentive and courteous . they acknowledged us right away thanked us for coming in and told us theyd be with us as soon as they could . nnwe came in knowing there was a slow leak in one of my tires . we figured if it couldnt be repaired we might as well replace them all . we  them to quote us on 4  tires but before they even did they brought the car in fixed the tire for  in no time and told us that the others were in good  shape that we didnt have to replace at this time . no  upselling or pressure sale tactics its a christmas miracle nnwe also did some research before going in and they were the best priced for tires  other tire shops in the area . nnthis store is the epitome of courtesy and professionalism . somehow they really got this service thing down . my husband has had the same experience in the past . nnndiscount tire you have earned another loyal customer
__label__pos  of people hate  with car    shops etc because most of the time they feel like they are being ripped off talked to like they are idiots or the interaction with the people are just more trouble than its worth . i am a shade tree mechanic and absolutely  letting anybody else touch my car as i do 90 of my own work and trust very few . tires happen to be one of those things you cant do yourself because of the machines involved and for that i usually go to discount tire . after a very negative experience at the west flamingo location where i honestly was told i dont know what i am talking about i wrote a letter to the discount tire office and was contacted by a district manager who sent me to the location off blue diamond across from silverton . this is where i met bill the manager of this store and his crew who when i arrived promptly cared for my car and listened to me about the difficulties with my particular set of wheels rather than not listening and telling me im wrong like the other store . i wan mounting a tricky set of high end forged wheels that required some extra parts and sensors for the  they were being mounted to which is why it took 3 separate times for me to go back and forth the the store to finally get the job completed . during the different times i returns there were bottlenecks that needed to be addressed but at no time did i feel like the store and its crew ever did not have a hold of the work that was being performed it was just a matter of my parts being difficult . in the end all work was performed and completed and their patience with my job was appreciated as i know its not the typical mount and balance on a ford focus . i have now found my go to  for tire labor and will recommend them highly for the customer service and patience ... . walk in and ask for bill .
__label__pos   bacon  jalapeu00f1o   were over the 
__label__neg     too     if you needed anything . sometimes too much of a good thing isnt good .
__label__pos i love this place the owner is an awesome guy whos usually there during the day  sure all the food is wonderful . they make some of the best chili ive ever had . the beef  i get them with  peppers and cheddar and the  are must haves . all the food is cooked  within sight i crave this place on a daily basis and i usually end up going 34 times a week . the prices arent bad a little pricey for myself a broke hungry  student but the  are always generous . i would take a star off because they dont have milkshakes and i  sure love a good milkshake with this food but everything else is so good that giving only four stars wouldnt do it justice
__label__pos  was   was   was    were reasonable.nnmy burger was so tender it was unbelievable . give it a try
__label__pos the  at this place malfunctioned so our  got   for the  of  so this place aint  anything else from me 
__label__neg see photo for tequila recommendation.nncame here twice this   . location is nice . nn1st time foodservice for the food ... ..not really that great . i tried to eat here and  because the service was  . waters were not filled . food came cold and without condiments we needed like salsa and when we asked for it the server forgot about us . nn2nd time they earned an extra star because of groupon . they had a special for 15 for 30 worth of food or drinks . the best part was that for some reason groupon only charged 1 i was like what i dont care how bad the place was before ... dollar for drinks im in . i purchased 2 nnapparently it was some mistake but groupon honored it and i came armed with  to spend . went straight to the bar and got two 14 shots of tequila that  in a worm shaped bottle.nnsmooooooooth . so if you come armed with the groupon or not get the tequila in the worm bottle . you will not regret it . skip the food . hagar earned the extra star for the worm bottle tequila basically and the nice bartender . didnt have time to use the other groupon on that  ... but worm tequila ... im coming  for you
__label__pos we sat outside to enjoy the strip view and were  to a good  lunch . we ordered  and in less than  minutes it was at our  . amazing . try the tacos al carbon  street tacos on corn tortillas with fresh  and nice spices.nnthe wait staff was laid back and cool . a  view and a nice meal .
__label__neg not a very pleasant experience as i had  a very high expectations for this place . we were a party of 8 got a table and until that point  was ok the wait wasnt too bad . off coarse we get a  that all hyped up and was rushing  to order i ask for some salsa and chips he acted all surprised and said that he will  me for it ok no problem . then we go on and i asked for a green salsa and his reply was you can have whatever you want not to mention he was going to tag me with additional 9.00 for guacamole dip well i asked for green salsa not a dip . we go on without any complaints as we all felt the situation was weird . the food comes in i ordered the fish of the day scottish salmon good plate  until the plate tasted like all salt went on and  to eat as we were all starving it got to the point where i could not continue . mentioned it to the mod and she did a great job by addressing it . bottom line it wasnt a well perceived experience .
__label__neg   for   for  .  are  club prices . this  reminds me of a 2 story bank at the bellagio . no air ventilation filled with smoke and jackass bartenders makes me never want to go here again unless either tiesto is spinning or i get in for free.nnill stick with xs or try vanity
__label__neg i  here often it is near my  i like the burgers and the fries but i can not rate it  because nnthe price . in and out burger taste just as good . granted the burgers are larger at five guys and you  a ton of fries which are good however when i spend 15 bucks for a burger fries and a drink that is a bit much . that is more than if i had went to ruby tuesdays and had a triple prime which i love.nnmy other complaint is the packaging . the brown bag does not cut it . it makes the food messy and hard to extract because they pile the fries on . the peanut thing is kinda gross as well anything that is communal typical means dirty.nnthe  is always good i never  there where i would describe it as blaring like one reviewer and i am a pretty quiet person . i typically read a magazine while eating there and the volume does not distract me.nnif they dropped the price by maybe ... ..half ... .it would be killer but the price is what kills it for me .
__label__neg i  some pretty good reviews on here about this place so i figured id try it out since its right near my house .  was pretty good they were nice but she didnt do my design correctly if you can even call it that . i  for red with simple neat white polka dots even showed her a picture a really simply design . it  off not so great she was really rough when cutting my cuticles to the point i was jumping and wincing and had to tell her multiple times she was hurting me . once it came to the simply white polka dots she  to freestyle all different sizes of polka dots ok ok not that big a deal then out of nowhere she pulls out black and throws a ton of dots on top of that . you could barely see the red with the mess of crazy sized dots on my toes . maybe youre thinking im just some picky rude customer that complains about everything i truly am not i dont think think its much to ask to paint some nails red then poke a few  white dots . saying all that i only went that one time and i am a firm believer in  a place a few chances so ill probably go back once more and see if maybe my first experience wasnt just a fluke . for now its only getting 2 stars and its lucky to get that .
__label__pos im already a fan of town square and when petes dueling piano bar opened its doors in this popular lifestyle center i was excited to give it a try . a friend  a ladies tweetup event at petes so it was just a bunch of us girls . and we had a blast nnfirst off the management was so nice to accommodate our group . if youre looking for a place to organize an event i highly recommend you contact the  at petes in advance and host your event there . they were quite  and the service was perfect . even as the night got busier and busier our service was never lacking . nndrinks are mixed to please and the prices are reasonable . but the real reason to go to petes of  is the dueling piano show . our night consisted of four different players who rotated throughout the show . my favorite performer was christine who can wail janis joplin like no one else can . my only complaint is that i requested the doors alabama song whiskey bar and the piano players didnt know it . but to  up for it they did play roadhouse blues convincing me to forgive them.nndont  to get away with chit chatting with your friends during the show . these performers need and demand you to clap dance and sing along . its the whole point of the show . so be prepared to get called out if youre not participating.nnonly the lively funloving types will appreciate petes . if youre looking for a quiet drinking hole where you can be left alone petes dueling piano bar is not the place for you . but if you need to cut loose laugh and sing away the stress of your day head to petes . ill meet you there .
__label__neg had a burger from here on a pretzel bun ... . it tasted like an over cooked  puck ... the fries here tasted like deep fried potatoes ... . they kept playing red solo  on the juke box it was funny the first  seconds into it but the 4  i  it i  like  a a red hot  knife into my ear drum . i probably should have .
__label__neg my wife a friend and i just went here . we were lured in by the 25 pedicure . well after getting my foot cut  and bleeding all over the nail tub i have to say stay away my wife  had her eye  waxed  after my bad experience . do not go here its just not worth it poor  low quality and hopefully not  given my   .
__label__neg when it comes to buffets i like to call myself experienced i love them they are always full of an awesome variety of food and you can never go wrong with the fresh made stir fry ... .  you eat herennwhat a terrible i mean terrible dinner starting off with the worst customer service ever . vegas is known for there buffets and great food and service at restaurants and other things but we are are  food here nni kid you not after about a 15 min wait in line which is typical for buffets around dinner time so im not complaining about that but what started the hatred was the simple  that it took 45 min to get our drinks . yeah ok we had a table of 9 including kids but seriously 45 min to get water and a soda . we all were on our second go around of plates and ready to make the third trip down when we finally got our order of drinks that was placed when we first got there . then to top it off as normal we finished our drinks fast yeah we were thirsty the lady took roughly 1520 min to come back to our table with our refills . at this point i asked if she could just bring us a pitcher of water . which to our surprise was pretty fast . now after you read my rant go through there pictures and witness first hand the nasty filthy pitcher she put on our table . as we examine the filth inside and out and with the disappearance of our server again we decide to go to the front and ask to speak with a manager . lady says what table are you ok i will send the manager there . 10 min 20 min 30 min 45 min go bye and finally after the waitress who just sees all of us sitting there asks if there is anything you need . at this point we say yes the manager that we have been waiting for now side note im not one to  and moan but when its bad its bad . finally after over 45 min the manager comes to our table we explain to her our issues with the wait for her the drinks the terrible service the terrible dried out food ... .which ive yet to rant about ... the dirty nasty pitcher were just a few  that we laid into her . much to our surprise she begins to defend her staff and say well thats not what she said and on and on ... lady look at the pitcher and examine the situation before you speak ... then she goes on saying well you asked for a pitcher.. damn straight we asked for a pitcher of water . well im sorry sir but we dont give pitchers here . ok wtf you did and look at it . yes sir it appears to be dirty but again we do not give out pitchers and sir the water is clear ... wait what did she say . the water is clear so what my dogs bowl water is clear and you dont see me drinking out of there bowl anyway she results to saying after she finally examines the situation and sees that its been bad she lays into the  and basically tells her off she says well i can give you 2 comps and you can eat here again for free ... .um let me think about that . the service was terrible the dish wear was filthy i mean so bad i wouldnt let my dog use it the food was less than mediocre ... hmm yeah i would love to come back said no one ever
__label__pos this was our    here . it was just as good as the first.nnfirst the wait staff  us from our previous visit over a year ago . impressive.nnim typically a steakpotato  guy but place is  great . i dont know what half the ingredients are in a entree but they all taste great . every thing we had was prepared well tasty and a good sized portion.nnthe staff is very attentive and the place has a great vibe . we dont get down to old  much but will make this the place for dinner when we do.nnwe prefer the chefs table bar over a table seems way more fun and hip .
__label__neg id love to give this place a higher rating . ive dined in twice and had take out 3 times now . every take out order had been incorrect . its been incorrect items being put in the  or spiciness level applied to the wrong meal . i.e . the last take out meal we had . mine was  not 5 and someone else in the group mistakenly got my heat level . you cant imagine my disappointment that i had a meal that was bland and fit for a briton or even someone from wisconsin . that being said i  it that ive found another restaurant that actually understands proper spice levels . n dining in the  have always been fantastic . the wait service was polite and apologetic for any incorrectness or delays . the japchae  and  have all been great when dining in . i think youll find the over use of oil in cooking here is less than other asian restaurants in the  and i suspect without actually asking that they dont use msgs . ill be trying the bulgogi at some point this weekend well see if i edit this initial review .
__label__pos   the chorizo  cheese melt and the chocolate butter and  was delicious  service and  . my mom sister and i  our  here
__label__pos a great place in a surprising location . the food was beyond what youd  from many other inexpensive  restaurants and far above its food   . excellent selection of menu items familiar and different .  service and tables  the  front . give it a  .
__label__neg this was the most horrifyingly  restaurant i have been to in quite a long time . i was wanting some good chinese food and was in the charlotte area so i checked my geoqupons and checked yelp this place got 4 stars and off we went . first off they did not accept the coupon said it had to be printed out get with the  and join the 21st century . now lets get to the food the dumplings were huge sure but that was just because they were coated in so much dough that the meager fillings were barely able to be found . the hunan beef described as spicy was weak with barely a hint of bite and the cashew  is at best a bit of dishwater with a few nuts thrown in . the fried  was flavourless as well and the only  that it was even fried were a few sparse bits of egg . the prices were  but i still felt completely ripped off as it wasted my time to even go there in the  place . as a final straw before we left the waiter mistook my boyfriends iced tea for water and topped it off accordingly . avoid at all 
__label__pos such a great  an amazing burger with  fries and a garlic aioli sauce . what stood out most was the superb customer service . cori was an absolute  . she was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and  friendly . thanks so much to the entire staff we never  for anything.nnhighly recommend  and wine and definitely worth a return visit
__label__pos went here for a date night with the hubby . we were  in this hotel and didnt want to veer too  from the sleeping kiddos . it has nice open area seating with a huge bar right when you walk in . they have complimentary bread that was just okay . nnour server was pretty good . he was actually the bartender i  . he was somewhat aloof but efficient none the less . our food was excellent we had the fried  and  appetizer . the scallops were my fave dish of the whole meal . very elegantly plated and each component on the plate had a  . a bit pricey  for 3 pieces of scallops 15.nnfor main dishes we had a veal dish and chicken parm . the portions were surprisingly large . i didnt mind paying a little more for the quality and quantity we received . but its vegas you have to expect paying outrageous prices . nnlastly we had the gelato that is prepared in house . the strawberry basil was especially  . melt in ypur mouth creamy strawberry taste with a hint of basil taste .
__label__neg besos reviewnnbesos is a very nice  though a tad bit noisy when full . we like many reviewers here used an 79 travelzoo voucher for a dinner supposedly worth 200. if you have one of these be prepared to be treated like a 2nd class  . they seem to look down on you just because you are trying to get a deal on a dinner actually worth about price of voucher . standard drinks from the bar are 14 each so keep that in mind before ordering.nnbecause of voucher you can only chose select items on the menu . the crab cake appetizer was not bad . the sides  and cheese and green beans we average at best . the main  8oz steak filet was cooked perfectly and tasty . the champaign was not very good . i would  this steak dinner was not even  to worth 200 and barely worth the price of the  travelzoo voucher . i have had better steaks and sides at the outback for 14 the price . also it was dinner for 2 but they automatically added 30 gratuity based on value of dinner 198 so that was odd because service was not that good and food not worth the price.nni will complain to travelzoo.nnprosn nice placen decent servicen good steaknnconsn 30 gratuity automatically addedn average food at bestn rude staffn eve club passes were supposed to be included but eve  bankrupt 3 days ago.n pricy average bar drinks
__label__neg during my recent trip to vegas over the christmas holiday my best friend and i  to visit the mandarin oriental tea lounge for a  late afternoon away from the fanny packs and liquor slushies . nnill start with the good ... nthe hotel itself is very chic as is the tea lounge . beautiful asian decor with a view of the strip you could find on a postcard in a hotel gift shop . a clean and upscale environment but without a pretentious air that frequent accompanies high tea . the hostesses were elegantly dressed and had us seated almost instantly.nnin terms of food i was impressed with the spread . the scones were delicious especially when accompanied by strawberry rhubarb compote and clotted cream . the selection of tea was lovely . my favorite being the matcha . nnnow the bad ... nthe sandwich selection they offer includes a curried chicken salad which contains nuts . however nowhere on the menu did it specify the use of nuts in any of the offerings . the waitress also gave an extremely detailed run down of the types of sandwiches scone toppings and desserts yet failed to mention nuts being in any of the food aside from a pistachio cake . for the record i am deathly allergic to peanuts and cashews to the point that i carry around multiple epi pens in my purse everywhere i go . nnwhen i bit into the sandwich i started to feel sick and i took a closer look only to see a small piece of nut that i couldnt identify off the bat . when i flagged down a waitress to ask about what kind of nuts were in the items she panicked and left to ask the chef . when she returned she kept firmly insisting that i was fine because it was just walnuts but anyone who knows anything about nuts knows that almost all tree nuts are processed in the same facilities . when i tried to ask about nuts being in any of the other desserts she acted annoyed to be bothered by me again . nni was appalled by how it was handled and i felt ill for the remainder of the day because of that one bite of sandwich . i was almost offended to see that they automatically included 18 gratuity to the bill because i would have left 0 if given the opportunity.nni admit it was  on my part not to ask but the waitress had given such a precise account of  used in other items ie eggnog truffles bubblegum flavored french macarons black forest ham sandwiches etc . that i thought i was in the clear . i suppose it was my error to expect such a highly regarded   care about their customers dietary restrictions . nni really really really dont enjoy writing bad reviews as you can tell from my profile but its necessary in this case to warn other people with severe nut allergies im lucky that all i left with was a bad  ache . i really hope in the future the mandarin tea lounge is more consequent of their patrons needs .
__label__neg where do i startnnthe tea room is an  area between the bar and the front desk . the tables are about the same height as an end table so i  like i am sitting at a kids table . they should have the tea served in the bar using real adult sized tables.nnthe tea is not steeped at the  they just bring it out one pot already made . nnhow can you have a high tea without cucumber sandwichesnnafter the tea was served the waitress never came back.nnthe food was very good but the portion size was tiny we ate here as a late lunch and were  very  when we left . nnthere is an  gratuity added to the bill can not  how much it was . what incentive do they have to provide decent service when they know up front they are getting a good tipnnoverall it was not  a relaxing and lush experience as it should be .
__label__pos i had been wanting to visit the tea lounge for a while and for my birthday my best friend made a reservation . we did not arrive for  service we got there at 8 pm so it was busy but not crowded and we had the best seats in the house . we sat right next to he window overlooking the strip . it was breathtaking and thats coming from someone whos been to foundation room at mandalay bay . i cant imagine the view getting any better . this i will say though my  impression was ... this is it ... its beautiful but the size is small . it really is just a small seated area outside of the bar and next to the lobby . we asked the front desk where it was because we completely overlooked the lounge . it looks like a waiting area really . a very beautiful one thoughnnin any case we were promptly given menus . interesting drink menu great variety of premium liquor . had the cucumber french 75 perfect light and refreshing . highly recommended especially for summer . members of our party also had some old fashioneds and were impressed one of them being a bartender both of them being selfprofessed whiskey snobs . we snacked on the some satay chicken skewers and sliders as recommended from our server . she did not disappoint . the chicken was wonderfully seasoned with just a touch of heat and they werent dry . the  which i tend to never order because i find them generally unimpressive were probably the best ive ever had . perfect saucemeat ratio  higher quality than what youd usually get . id order them again and again and again.nnservice was personalized . our server was kind and personable . she  with us and generally seemed interested in making sure we had a  time . she did  for a little bit leaving us waiting to order . however these servers seem to also tend to the mandarin bar so they are probably stretched a little thin . this is the only reason i did not offer all  stars.nnwill definitely return and definitely recommend to my local friends and my outoftowners .
__label__neg disappointed . ordered the preset package . the tea is served in a clear pot . was  looking and not even half full . it wasnt  enough either . the rum cake was absolutely awful in  taste and texture . only  items were decent the  deviled egg and the hazelnut tart . i like the pineapple jam and  cream . nnit was a good thing we only ordered one set for the both of us . we would have ordered another pot of tea but we were so turned of by the food items . ive had better afternoon tea elsewhere for   .
__label__pos awesomenngreat service  food and  drinks.nnwhat more could you ask for ate here with the wife and some of our close friends . everyone had a good time.nnfor the quality of  and the  it is reasonably priced . i had the tuna and it was absolutely sushi grade.nnbtw . if you are hanging out downtown on a weekday chart house has a great happy hour from 26 pm on weekdays in their bar . 5 appetizers and 5  . we took advantage of it multiple times while we were in vegas . chocolate martini and humus trio are excellent .
__label__pos this place is great we  right along side of the  fish tank thats in the  of the restaurant . it was so cool watching the fish swim right next to you . the  was excellent we had  confit spring rolls for an appetizer . the lobster bisque soup was  . the lobster  is a must have the pasta that came with it was tangy a perfect compliment . the lobster is also great prepared this way a nice change from just dipping it in butter . the stuffed flounder is  amazing . this is a great place for a romantic date
__label__pos pure unaltered delicate deliciousness.nni am a fan of this and wish i would come back more frequently . it is a create your own style and you are charged for each  so this could get a little pricey but it is well worth it more than you know nnmy favoritesnncaprese salad perfect and simple . this restaurant does not try to reinvent the  on this dish.nnpizza the standard thin crust that is perfectly baked in their coal ovens ... get a piece with a pizza bubble on it i love the justcharred  on here.. ni usually get  with  . so light and flavorful . its a carnival for your tastebuds and texturebudsnndessert cheesecake and cannolisnni dont  to write too much on these dishes because they are what we have all had before but grimaldis keeps it simple which makes there food so good . i am not an advocate for the  ny style pizza and frankly i dont believe in it but this is the besssstt pizza
__label__neg i went here with my husband last night a wednesday . i first want to mention that we are both vegetarians so i wont be the best person to listen to regarding entrees . i had a restaurant.com  and since my husband loves blues music i thought it would be fun to go order some drinks and appetizers and listen to the live band . nnin order to even get into the restaurant we had to pay a 5 pp cover charge . i dont remember ever paying a cover charge to go eat at house of blues while they had live music ... have things changed well we said we had already made a special trip to get there . we paid 10 and sat down . our server was very nice and helpful but after love let out the place filled up and service came to a standstill . nnwe  the fried pickles nachos mac n cheese and strawberry shortcake . the pickles were so salty i couldnt eat them unless i wanted to head straight to the  for blood pressure medicine the mac n cheese was eh and the cake in the strawberry shortcake was soggy . the nachos were good but they didnt have  sauce on them like the menu stated and we were for some reason  an extra dollar for cheese . extra for cheese on nachos service was at a halt by the time we got our check so we didnt feel like arguing over the extra dollar ... i guess i cant complain much . nnin all i would say that if you are  for a  experience to drink and listen to music this place is great . draft beer is 10 for the  glass and 2 for refills a good deal if you dont have to drive home like we did . the band was pretty good too . if you are going to eat dinner be prepared for some ok food and not being able to hear the people at your table over the live music .
__label__neg good downtown  and open late during winter months but thats about it . i know a little about the bike shops in madison as i bike everywhere or use the bus when desperate and i would have to say that this is my least favorite.nnnew bike decent selection not a big store and they stock a lot of snow boarding items . a friend of mine bought a new bike there and about a week later he wanted me to take a look at it as something was rattling . after i checked it i found a lot of problems like the reflector not being fastened tight thus the rattlethree spokes that were loose the front wheel wasnt fastened down tight enough the seat was loose and sliding around and they didnt put cable crimps at the  of any of the cables to stop them from fraying . i even adjusted the brakes . the upsell of a lbslocal bike shop is supposed to be in  they assemble the bike professionally rather than a walmart or target where a stock person does it when they have the time and with little knowledge.nnservice this place is fairly close to my home so ill  there for parts if im in a pinch . twice ive called down to see if they have a part in stock and when i get there 20 minutes later and i get the old we must have just sold it but we do have this other part which ... really you just sold that specific part at 7pm on a winters night stop  my time.nnprice in my experience the  are generally higher t than other local stores but since they are open later than others you  have to sometimes suck it up . new bike prices are fairly competitive and the sales they have are oknnall in all i stay clear of erics on university unless im desperate for a part on a winters night . madison has too many other options .
__label__neg while dicks is a large store the employees do not seem interested in helping customers . my wife and i were there for over an hour and no one ever asked if we needed anything . the only time an  could be found was when we pushed the button to get into a fitting room . even then they just opened the door and   . they   if we needed help . then when checking out the  was so unfriendly it was  . two stars only because of they had what we were looking for . service rates a 
__label__neg i went there because i had a couple of free gift cards.nwe did the call ahead setting for 615pm we got there around 610 and  till around 620. at this point we were told to  our hostess to the table . ohh wait we havent cleaned your table yet . so finally around 630 when we were able to be seated . we asked out hostess what the outback special was she told me it changes every day and to ask out waitress . nnour waitress was shortly at our table and took our drink order and our appetizer order . about this time a couple at the next table were seated . more on them later . when we asked the waitress what the outback special was she said its a steak .  was going fine and it was around 730 and were were still waiting for our saladssoups . when i looked at the couple who were seated after usthey were getting their entrees . finally at around 745 we got our  soups and warm salads my soup had been sitting so long it had that film on the top . our waitress said they have new people in that back and they are are running behind they have only been there a few weeks . finally our food came and then the  came on her own accord to say the kitchen was running behind . when our food came you can tell that had been sitting for a while as it wasnt fresh hot.nneverything else went well after that . nnoverall im not stupid i knew my food was sitting in the pass for awhile and its been forgotten about . dont give me a line tell me the truth . comping me a  onion doesnt make  for forgetting about a customer and then not telling the truth .
__label__neg we  great things about this place so we thought wed  it a shot . service was slow and unfriendly . the server treated us as if we were a bother rather than a customer . the menu seemed to have a good variety but when we   the  looked at us like we were from outer space . my  you ask what comes on the burger . food was average . we were disappointed and left feeling unwelcome . next  we grab a sandwich at kwik trip . at least that way we know what were getting on the burger .
__label__pos the att store  were so helpful when i lost my phone in montreal . peter helped me get a temporary  and a    to me within  hours . he could not have been more  and today i went back to have my bill explained to me and jay let me know what the charges were for and helped me understand my plan . 5 
__label__neg i like to tan before vacation and had a pleasant experience tanning at sun tan city last year so decided to go there this year before vacation . not sure if they are under new management but this year was a totally different  . nnlike the other  said the salon is clean but there isnt many places to hang your clothes . also nothing  a towel to clean up with . all in all not a huge  for me . nnhere are the real problems for me nn1 . i chose the faster package specifically asking about the stand up bed . the employee told me this was the only package that included the stand up bed . it was more expensive than the  package . on my second visit to the salon i was informed the stand up bed had been broken for awhile and wouldnt be repair for awhile as the part they were waiting for was on backorder . its really upsetting to me that i was sold the upgraded package without the employee saying anything about the bed being broken . bad business.nn2 . the up sell the employees use every time gets old . on my initial visit i was sold a very expensive bottle of tanning lotion . they had a promotion that included some free moisturizer . the next visit the employee asked me what i was using for tanning lotion and then  on to try to sell me something better . is that saying the bottle i initially purchased the day before wasnt good why does the salon sell is then the  up sell with every visit . i get asked every time if i want to upgrade my tan that day for 5.95 or if i want to buy a better lotion . its fake and annoying . there was a line one night and the employee rotated between asking how is your day and doing anything  tonight and then what type of lotion are you using and how about buying some moisturizer to extend your tan . lady there is a line and its 8pm . move along . nnlesson learned . after my one month is up i will done with sun tan city . next year ill go somewhere else .
__label__pos these  know  servicenni first  there with two of my girls after happy hour at yard house . i bought a few things the sales girl suggested and got a sephora beauty insider card . this is a frequent flyer card where you earn points towards free products.nnsince i started getting their emails i scheduled a make up application with one of their color specialist on a saturday .  i spoke with my color specialist sharon about what i wanted to focus on and the colors i liked . she brought over a skin care specialist to washed and masked my face . she provided me with recommendations regarding my skin type.nnthen sharon worked her magic . she was friendly and provided instruction throughout the application . after it was over we discussed the products she used and she helped me with recommendations for other things like brushes . nn90 minutes and 270 later i had a whole new makeup look . now i feel more polished and professional for work . it gives me more confidence . and you dont  decadence until you try guerlains lipstick that comes with a mirror that pops open when you open it . im in lovennill be back to get my skin care products .
__label__neg we had a groupon ... my wife loves australia ... and has family from there . lets just  ... we were excited . we ordered all the  items surfturf with kangarooloin  shrimponthebarbie and the crocodile dumplings . the dumplings were nothing special ... a bit overseasoned and fried from what seemed like prepackaged frozen dumplings from costco . the  dishes looked great ... but the shrimp was a bit old ... the loin was  and tough ... the small side salad was a delicious bit of redemption however with a sweet creamyintexture balsamic vinaigrette of sorts . with all that  i must admit that the wine was delicious we had the shiraz and the cabsav ... and the bar gave an extremely generous  for the price . i hope they up their game because there is a lot of potential .
__label__pos first off luedtkes wonder bar is in the same location as the previous establishment known as the bar next door . the decor is much the same ... but that is where the comparison ends . nni will always prefer to spend my dollar at a small business vs. a chain . i respect what it takes to make good food and make it consistently when you are working from scratch every day . for reference some of my  spots in madison are ottos louisiannes and the  room . luedtkes wonder bar is a notch above that dynamic trio if you can believe it . nni have dined at luedtkes wonder bar twice in the last two  . the latest meal being this  friday night . i had seared tuna as an appetizer . the tuna was fantastic . the next thing i had was the crab bisque . i am not sure if this is on the menu every night but the two times i have been there that has been the soup ... let me just say if it isnt on the menu every night it should be my goodness that is a great tasting soup . for my main dish i had a 9 oz fillet and garlic mash . the fillet had the consistency of sushi grade tuna . it was  of  and practically melted in my mouth . my only regret was that i didnt order the 12 oz my wife had a crusted halibut fillet which she proclaimed was the best food she had ever had in a  . that is high praise coming from her . nnso the food is definitely 5 star the atmosphere is quaint and cozy the wine selection is nice and the prices are definitely inline with what you get for the money . nnhats off mr. luedtke we will certainly be back
__label__pos service here is always prompt thoughtfulsuggestions galore and steady ... and valet parking is a short stroll from the  aria entrance . the ambiance is airy and open and the bar setup fruit instead of fake tapas is witty and hip for a tapasstyle spot . nntapas i begin each meal with a cheese platehighly recommended or the pan manchego so far i most  the salmon with trufflei  order two and some other seafood dish i can not presently recall . lobster gazpacho is a must for those wholike moi generally hate gazpacho or cold blends . other notables thus far raspberry tuna dishit actually works lobster salad huevos estrellados bassoprahaaaaammazing lol chorizo . the flan here is intricate and delicious.nnone dish i hate here is the steak featured on the tapas menu . it tasted like mediocre sirloin ... i admittedlyowing to its horrible textureconsider sirloin essentially dog food . ive never tried the paella but was informed that it tastes just like spains which is not a good thing . to explain paellawith or without saffron is a stupid idea . simply read the ingredientspreparation and you will sigh with comprehension ... i call paella  meth lol . if you insist on an  the filet mignonor i imagine any seafood or pork dish here is a pleaser.nnimpeccable texture and taste overcome merely above average presentation at this spotone of my faves for lunch or silly dinners . on my last visit i enjoyed a quick bitewine at the bar with friends . i have yet to try the early eve  but it sounds like a killer deal . nn4 stars rather than 5 because some of the flavors repeat a few dishes beg for drizzles others for acidity to combat the olive oil and make things more spanish and less greek however i wish i could give 4.5 stars bc they serve tender octopus and delicious fried calamari that doesnt even need the sauce or lemons .
__label__neg dinner was fine . service was the worst possible . they seated us in a tight  and the  kept bumping our chairs . i requested the first server to walk around if possible and he kindly obliged .  hour later and a  waiter bumped me . i requested him to now walk around as well if possible . and he doesnt say anything . he comes back 2 minutes later and say excuse me and then nearly smack me in the head trying to get by again . i  him to come over and he ignores me . then he starts  loud and says im going to call the manager . was really not sure what he was threatening me with .  comes over realizes that we have already paid our bill quickly apologizes and then walks away . the worst  ever in an unnecessarily pricey restaurant . couldnt figure out how to do zero stars .
__label__neg i have mixed feelings on the  mushroom . the pretzels we  were really good the pizza  not so much . the crust was different but the  and the  just felt wrong . maybe i have been spoiled with good pizza lately but this is not a place i would return to grab a pie.nntheir sandwiches and salads  good but even more appealing is the happy hour deals . great beer list and half off  of a pull to get me to return but i will stay away from the pizza on future  .
__label__pos     and   hour  0ff  and appetizers
__label__neg i was so  to  to  mushroom as it was a place i frequented when i  in atlanta . needless to say it is close but not the same as the atl . we tried this location on two separate occasions . my favorite item is the   but they are way to  here . the  is a little pricey for what you get . also the last time we were here at the end of dinner i sucked up a dirty straw wrapper in my water . needless to say i wont be back any time soon .
__label__pos    pizza .  for   . they  have some craft beers to try.nnwe had the thai  it is spectacular .
__label__neg hipster alertnni went there recently with the intention of getting a salad .  i couldnt find anything that resembled one . all of them included fruit i.e . pears  and a list of exotic ingredients including dressings such as jalapeno cucumber raspberry vinaigrette come on . it would  that this place is trying way too hard . its one thing to offer new foods and exciting twists on traditional  but its another to just throw together a bunch of uniquesounding ingredients in  to dupe the next bohemian with an identity crisis into  mediocrity . if the hipsters of  would just get over themselves this place wouldnt be all that popular .
__label__neg interesting  . expansive menu . they apparently take pride in the ingredients in their food which is a good thing.nnjust dont tell them that youre under any sort of time constraint as they really dont seem to care  the fact that it was mentioned several times . i wouldnt recommend it for lunch during the week on your lunch hour even if lunch happens to be 200 pm . on a tuesday . nnim guessing that the slow service is because they take the time to let your food die from natural causes painlessly in its sleep before cooking it up and serving it to you . nnhonestly im kind of disappointed especially after the rave reviews that  had given it.nnwhen i checked in the yelp  asked me if hillside spot was hipster i guess that sums it up . theyre not worried about the mans bourgeois constructs like time and work.nnin  food ... good .  ... good .  to time  ... needs work .
__label__neg   that  thai spices is  . nnlocated in mekong plaza it took over the old boca 7 space . when walking in the place youll notice its nice decor . alas it was left behind by the previous tenant yes that is real gold wall paper fyi . the place was quiet for a friday night and we came there for my bday . apparently happy hour is extended till 730pm but its not stated or noted anywhere . since we had a big party we ordered a multiple of their appetizers . the most notable ones are surprisingly not thai related . the crab puffs were very unique and good as well as the calamari rings . who would of thought the secret sause thousand island would make a diffrence . after that everything pretty much went down hill from there . the thai dishes were not very good . we had the pad thai a little on the sweet side plus the portions are a little small . also the green curry was salty i have a very salty palate but even this was more than my liking . but it was good though good with rice that is . also even though we got it mild it still had a healthy kick of  . the thai fried rice was also mediocre and a lil on the oily side . the tom yum soup was good . again nothing special but atleast it didnt taste off . again this was a lil on the salty side too . the only notable dish that we had was the papaiya salad with salted crab . that has a unique after taste . nnso in review if you were at mekong plaza and had a craving for thai food then lucky you . but its not a place youd actually actively seek out if you werent literally already there . nnprosnhappy hour specials daily 4 to 730pm supposedlyngreat happy hour specials that are actually delishn great decor hahahhannconsn food is sub parn thai specialties are sub parn  tea wasnt a home run.n prices are not reflective of the quality and quantity .
__label__pos  this  .  next to  6.   and services were good . will come again for  trip .
__label__neg if there was a  id reenact the scene from pretty woman where they snob her out of the  and she  back and says big mistake it would be in one of these stores . nnyou shouldnt judge  by the cover you  up losing  .
__label__neg eh . while gold lounge was not terribly awful it wasnt fantastic either . the only reason my friends and i ended up here was because we came to aria with the intention of hitting up haze but didnt make it in time before the guest list  . luckily we met a promoter who was nice enough to  2 friends into gold lounge as long as my other friend and i paid the 20 cover which i only agreed to do because it covered unlimited well for the rest of the night which is also the only reason i rated so much as 2 stars . the place is small . like a walkin closet . ok actually thatd be a decent sized walkin  but it was one room onefloor and thats it . you couldnt possibly lose anyone that you came in with unless youre blind . the crowd was slightly older  20s and up and barely a crowd more of an assortment of circus animals than people no offense . music was ok. and when i say ok i mean i was tipsy enough by the time i got there to care too much . once we got our fill of free drinks we  over to marquee where the real party was at . overall 20 is  worth the unlimited well and thank goodness 2 of my friends  comped or it wouldve been a ripoff . ladies youre better off getting guestlisted for a highend club than spending money over here . and gentlemen you dont belong here follow the ladies to the classier clubs . im glad we had 2 other guestlisted clubs in our lineup for the night so we didnt have to hang around in the  lounge .
__label__pos i need a relatively constant flow of caffeine to keep my day going smoothly . and i usually need a relatively constant flow of internet . so after a  lunch with a weak sweet tea i was feeling the drop when i spotted this oasis of coffeennexcellent  and comfortable seating for me and my laptop.i hung out for an hour and watched a few people come and  while i did my thing.nnnice inside and  seating . i didnt have any but the selection of pastries and sweet things looked top notch .
__label__pos  in  an  got in no  . place was   was   was sufficient .
__label__pos wow what a great place . ive been coming to this particular harris  for 8 years now through my years attending uncc and the place is as good as a grocery store can  . the wide array of products delicious salad bar  notch sushi fresh deli quick subswraps and the newly added pizza kitchen causes me to make at least 34  per week here as part of my routine . oh yeah did i  this place has a starbucks nnthis place is way better in my opinion then trader joes considering the product offering doesnt even compare . however i do like trader joes for a few specialty products the rest of my food pantry gets filled with delicious items from the good  university ht
__label__pos  fan of the lunch buffet . although it tends to be the same things most of the time there are   that  what is offered . the kid always enjoys cheese  and   . i enjoy making my soft tacos with the spicey  .
__label__neg would not  shopping in this store again . i walked in and was promptly  . sales associates looked my way but couldnt even be bothered to say hello . i walked around and browsed some of the items i  a sales associate and after he  to acknowledge me i said hello to him with no response . he  greeted another customer who came in behind me however . after walking off to yet another  and being completely snubbed yet again i just left . if im to be expected to spend the amount of money some of those items in that store cost id expect the sales associates to be a little more inviting and welcoming .
__label__pos came in for lunch today with my mom . service was friendly and decor was very pleasant and inviting . my mother ordered a blfgt which is a blt with a fried green tomato . i thought this was a unique concept for a sandwich and she was pleased with her food . i ordered the shrimp po  and it was extremely flavorful . the only disappointment was the macaroni and cheese side we both ordered . i am definitely a mac and cheese snob and my standards might be a little too demanding . i thought the flavor was  but i still finished every bite so it wasnt bad . just nothing special . i would definitely recommend this to anyone excited by southern cuisine because they do have some unique  and  veggie options including a  pot pie and  bean burger . will definitely come again and try  new . i am also a pickle enthusiast and their complimentary dill pickle spear with each sandwich  them a thumbs up in my book .
__label__pos the food here is just like  other bojangles ... straight up delicious ... but the thing is i love the staff here ... nnthe sanitation score is consistently high ... the coffee is always hot and delicious which is  in my  ... sometimes i just need a jolt to get me to the office i head out to work well before 6 am and i have never encountered a rude or unhappy  on the microphone or at the window ... my order is always correct everything is always hot and yummy and i leave with a smile on my  ... nnthese guys  hard to put out quality food before a lot of people even roll out of bed ... they clearly  the morning people on the drive thru in the early morning and for that extra star for you bojangles ... see you soon
__label__neg will learn from this past order . on a friday night i would expect a little wait for food . but i cant  the service . after being delivered 8 wings instead of 22 called to complain . i waited 10 minutes just to reach  at which point i was asked to hold . i said no but of course they placed me on hold anyways i decided to get in my car and go there and i asked to speak to the manager . the employee went to ask her to come talk to me and she told him to just give her a refund . i would like to point out i hadnt even complained yet he returned and asked if i wanted a refund as he noticed the  in my hands . i told him yes but i still asked to speak to her . he returned to tell her and she then instructed another employee to go take care of a refund . the girl was really helpful extremely apologetic and i appreciate her  . i told her too that i still wanted to speak to the manager and was told she was too busy to come talk to me . i was there for over 30 minutes waiting on my correct food and she still would not come talk to me . i  as she walked  the back occasionally stopping to make pizzas or fill another order . however she had plenty of time to come talk to me and didnt . nnif it werent for her rude behavior i may not even be writing this review . i understand friday nights are busy for pizza places and i can forgive an occasional mistake . but i was not satisfied with the amount of  placed on this mistake and was  more appalled by the manager on duty maries lack of concern for the mistake they made . completely unacceptable . will be taking my pizza orders elsewhere in the future .
__label__neg not  very un italian food  on tasteless . very weak sauce on my baked spaghetti . and the primo  was slightly better than lean  . the  announcer that was having  pronouncing the  words in the questions didnt  any .
__label__pos so it comes to this i am writing a review on a fast food  . why would i do that imma tell you dorito shells thats whynnonce up on a time i was a pretty big fan of the bell . pretty good grub for a pittance . but as the years went by the beef filling got thinner and thinner and the lettuce started  up its place . i was there for a beef taco not a lettuce  with beef flavoring . nnbut now theyve gone and done it . take the traditional shell and turn it into a dorito chip . stfu i would like to kiss square on the lips whoever  up with this idea yep even a guy dont mind smooching a man for an idea this  . seriously i would cover the medical bills if this person broke their arm patting themselves on the back.nnas a bonus for this visit there was a fellow named george who was doing pretty much the entire front side of the business . at one time he was ringing my order up on one register while finishing payment for another customer on another it was like watching a yoyoer yoyoing with both hands . kudos to george you deserve a raise.nnwhy then vic are you only giving 4 out of 5 stars when you obviously enjoyed your  you may ask.and you maynnthree words not enough beef
__label__neg i  this  . the clothes shoes and linens are sold by the pound and everything  is half off . that said the employees who move the carts are rude and yell at you if you dont obey the unposted rules ... so here they are ... stay behind the blue line when theyre moving in or out carts dont  the new cart until they tell you too keep your kids with you at all  and pay for the big ticketed merchandise  remove tag from item  to register check out remove it from store . if you break the rules or just dont know them be prepared to be yelled at glared at or dismissed from the store . other than the cart moving employees be prepared to be thoroughly annoyed by the  and not to be racist or unp.c . the hispanics . both will have multiple carts block aisles grab your merchandise and steal your buggy not all do this but enough do it that its an issue . nnthose issues aside you can find a lot of great things here . i found a 3 pc ralph lauren shirt blouse and cardigan set here . theres a lot of name brand items and sizes from the smallest of smalls to 4x and more . theres a lot of books and some furniture .
__label__pos yesterday was our second  to this place ... .wonderful .  staff quick service great  . chicken tenders fries slaw texas toast ... all excellent . also got a side  1.39 what a deal with good  . wish they was one on south charlotte   ... . hello zaxbys good bye chcik fila
__label__neg i used to get jimmy johns all of the  when i was down at the good ol uofa so now that i  on mill i was excited to try them againni dont know if this location is different if my taste buds have evolved since i was 19 or if i have to be completely shit  to eat here but this place is ewwwwwwnlike others have said they use way to much mayo . way too much . and no other condiment really ... their subs consist of 90 lettucesprouts 8  and 2 miscmeaning mystery meat tomatoes maybe cheese etcni just dont get why anyone would want to eat here unless theyre drunk i would totally eat here drunk but then again ill eat  when im drunk ...
__label__pos i love this  its perfect for date night and has an amazing wine  i love the  and the  patio . it  stands out from the other places in this  . ive only tried the food once and it was sort of lacking but the presentation was  .
__label__pos if you like fabric at all or have a crafty bone in your body or are enticed by quirky shops in the  you will dig loom . youll dig it hard . they have every single cool unusual hardtofind hilarious arbitrary or otherwise rad piece of cloth ever printed.nnim not a particularly crafty person im actually a particularly clumsy person but after i saw a bolt of sexy firemen fabric i knew i needed to find an excuse to make something with it . i  it deep down inside the way your mom knows when youve been dumping eight tablespoons of sugar on your  flakes because she refuses to buy lucky charms.nnso i came up with a project that required numerous narrow strips of fabric .  the woman working there politely informed me they have a halfyard minimum . as panic started to  upon my realization that i was going to have to buy 100 worth of fabric that i would  use the owner chimed in that she wouldnt mind cutting me any size piece i  . thats how you do it guys dont make me ask you to be accommodating that makes us both look bad . nni  up with 15 different patterns in my bag photorealistic astronauts graphic yowza text pinup girls tiny birds in lime green houses in a row that look hand drawn brass knuckles embedded with rhinestones cats and dogs dressed up as generals and sergeants and neon lace . i passed on the glittering rainbow unicorns i think that fad is on its way out finally and thank god.nni would reupholster everything in the world including the hideous igloo downtown and my laptop if i could do it with bolts of stuff from here .
__label__pos la banquise on laime  son exu00e9cution parfaite du classique quu00e9bu00e9cois quest notre bonne vieille poutine grasse.nnla banquise on laime parce quelle est toujours lu00e0 quand on a besoin delle un lendemain de veille ayant besoin dun du00e9jeuner suant le gras un du00e9viergeage de touriste face u00e0 la gastronomie quu00e9bu00e9coise un besoin criant dune place ou00f9 continuer une soiru00e9e qui na pas envie de se terminer u00e0 la fermeture des bars u00e0 3am . nnla banquise on laime parce quelle convient u00e0 tous les portesfeuilles et toutes les diu00e8tes avec ses immenses portions u00e0 prix modiques et sa savoureuse sauce vu00e9gu00e9tarienne.nnen gros la  remplit bien  ru00f4le u00e9tant du00e9finitivement linstitution de la poutine u00e0 montru00e9al . estce quon y sert la meilleure poutine en version classique je dirais oui . mais lorsquon a du00e9passu00e9 le stade du je veux gou00fbter  vraie poutine sans flafla et quon veut pousser le concept un peu les possibilitu00e9s sont bien plus intu00e9ressantes ailleurs si on ouvre un peu plus les yeux .
__label__pos  il piu00f9 rinomato per la poutine a montru00e9al e si conferma  in assoluto il piu00f9  della cittu00e0 con un menu00f9 da leccarsi i baffi . io ho  la tradizionale e la porzione mi   buoni gli ingredienti gentile il personale e carinissimo lambiente.nassolutamente consigliato anche se vi aspetta una fila di 15 minuti per entrare.nnps . buona scelta di birre artigianali
__label__pos en voilu00e0 un endroit bien touristiquenmais  ont le chic de vous servir une vraie bonne poutine napru00e8s quelques minutes u00e0 faire la file sur le trottoir nous nous glissons u00e0 lintu00e9rieur et pouvons du00e9ju00e0 admirer les u00e9normes assiettes de poutine agru00e9mentu00e9es dun tas de topping . une table pour 2 oui nous nous sommes seulement deux et hop apru00e8s une dizaine de minutes nous voilu00e0 installu00e9es . npour moi ce sera une poutine avec oignons et poivrons tandis que mon amie qui na pas froid aux yeaux opte pour le  fromages . napru00e8s seulement quelques minutes nos poutines arrivent et lu00e0 cest lextase . les frites sont bien charnues et cuites comme il se doit les oignons caramu00e9lisu00e9s et le fromage fondant . enfin bref une vraie poutine . ce qui fait de la banquise  quun resto u00e0 touriste cest un incontournable de  poutine
__label__pos brooks is   and   delicious.nnfor a mere 4.75 you too can enjoy a thick tasty cheeseburger and a bag of substantial both in length and girth fries . generally im not a fry picker but by the time i got back to work i had picked away at least half my fries . yes they were a tad cold but so what the burgers were crisp on the outside and full of flavor . i love that they shred their lettuce and onions so you never end up with one little thin slice of lettuce or a bite that only tastes like onion.nnthe owners are super friendly but in a way that doesnt slow the service . you cant afford to when your waiting area is smaller than some closets . watch out waistline there is a new choice on my regular lunch rotation and its  for burgers .
__label__pos service was excellent . staff was   and professional . my  was  and comfortable . they  complimentary breakfast and happyhour which  it even a better 
__label__pos i stayed at the palmoar and found this  gem . coffee was so delicious and i really enjoyed my breakfast . i came here each morning during my stay.nnthe staff is friendly and they offer military discount . i love the  vibe but was disappointed when i discovered it is a chain . i must say i scout for  coffee spots one of a kind type of establishments however the coffee is good and the  is cool so if you are in the  and  for a good place to have a cup of coffee dont pass this  up .
__label__pos i really like the prosciutto here . its probably the only thing i get there  time i go now . the prosciutto has  balance of flavors from the nuts in the bread to the cheese light dijon and of course the meat . tried the moroccan chicken and the curry chicken . i couldnt really tell the  . although i did try them on separate occasions . both tasted good . their ginger  is  good a little pricey though . oliver is always friendly and puts everyone in a good mood . i think the ladies just go there to hear is french accent . maybe i should have used a  accent at my restaurant ... nnalthough if i see a line i   .
__label__neg we went to skybox while our room was getting ready for checkin . we were lured by their hh menu so we went in . once we were  we  their hh menu  . yes the chicken fingers are something like 2 but ... thats what they charge you for each piece . so weird . who orders chicken fingers in individual quantities i got the turkey blt and the fries . fries were soggy and turkey blt was normal . i  for both ranch and bleu cheese with my chicken fingers and the server told me that it  extra . he was nice enough to  an extra sauce for me  of  but cmon like my friend said what is this mcdonalds
__label__neg i had a contract with o premium who apparently was  out by sparkletts some years ago . i have had nothing but problems with this company . they give you a delivery schedule and you put out all your empties on the stated  . only to come home to your empties bottles rolling  the neighborhood because they didnt bother to show up yet again . nnwe got so annoyed by this repeated problem and began to wonder if it was us getting confused . we asked them to change the deliveries to our business address so we could actually watch and track their deliveries and accountability . it soon became very clear that it was not our imagination and that they in fact missed deliveries on a regular basis . they dont have any  in their billing department those folks get the bills out every month on time and they sure expect you to  promptly but god help you if you need a  of water.nnthey missed my last delivery although the driver marked off on his little  that he came here and they were supposed to make a special makeup  here first thing this morning . guess what they no showed again i just called to verify i was in fact on the schedule for today only to be told there was no record of my call or the special delivery.nndo yourself a favor and do not order anything from this company they are incompetent .
__label__pos what a meal i was really  by this place . you  expect this quality in a casino.nni  with a party of 6 and had a gargantuan meal . nnfor  this was the best calamari i had ever eaten hands down.nnmy 24oz porterhouse was cooked to perfection . nni tasted some of my brothers lamb it was lamby ... not my taste but he loved it.nnthe chocolate  was meh ... but the creme brule was  good.nntop it off with a double cognac to finish and it was a  of a lifetime
__label__neg i thought this place was going to be awesome based on the  . i just went to lunch there and got the chicken kebob and cous cous dish and there were only 5 very small peices of chicken most of which were so burned i could barely  them . the plate was 10.95 and only came with a small scoop of cous cous a couple veggies and the burned chicken peices . i thought it came with a salad and bread based on the menu but the  said no . she nicely brought me some cucumber salad which was good and the reason this place got any stars and pita  also  . maybe it was because it was lunch and not dinner but the quality was  the service was slow and unfriendly and the atmosphere was dull . i  its byob which is nice .  wine would make the place better . p
__label__pos  food    a   to  . across from the rusty spur . good  .
__label__neg this place doesnt deserve that one  star . it is without a doubt the most disgustingly neglected and poorly run hotel i have ever seen.nnthe visit started off on the wrong foot with the front desk employee telling us our reservation came in as smoking  of non smoking but that not to worry because they aired our rooms out . clearly another guest had refused to stay in these rooms and he was trying to  them on us . not the best customer service . nnonce we got to the room i fully understood what we had gotten ourselves into the smell hit me abruptly . it reeked like someones chain smoking grandmothers  and the door was wide open . while my husband checked to see that no unsavory characters lurked in the bedroom i observed a filthy carpet a dilapidated couch with numerous suspicious stains and an ac unit with cigarette burns and ash all over it . the coverlet on the bed had what looked like blood stains and i have seen cleaner gas station bathrooms than the one in this suite.nnwe found another hotel booked it then asked for our money back from this dump . the front desk employee told us he would take care of it . when we called the website we booked with they told us no one had contacted them . we followed up with the employee and he told  we had to call them ourselves so we called back . the website said the hotel was responsible for issuing a refund . finally a manager got involved and handled it but it seems as though quality suites will do whatever they can to  your money including lying to your face . nnreading reviews across the internet we definitely arent the only  who have had this experience . save yourself the trouble and avoid this hthole .
__label__pos funny we went to 808 sushi but had no sushi ... actually poot had a few pieces of sashimi so i guess that counts . nnimagine stepping out of your car on a cold night and inhaling the delicious  of asian food . in the same parking lot and actually the same corner there are thai hawaiian japanesehawaiian and  restaurants . and it smells like ...  damn it smells like freakin heaven.nni got the combo plate 11.95 with kalbi  . it comes with  miso soup salad and edamame . miso soup seemed like it was missing something and i longed for tha hanaoka miso soup . the edamame  seemed a little flat and over cooked.nnbut wait theres more . the kalbi was tender smoky and delicious . it was a good portion size and there was enough for me to be busog and take some home with me which ill enjoy as i write and watch football tomorrow . it tasted like party food . if i closed my eyes i could imagine my family there being loud and kids running around . comfort food is definitely the key word when i think of this place.nnbf had a b combo plate 13.95 of chicken teriyaki and sashimi . not a fan of sashimi so i passed on that . but once again the charbroiled teriyaki did not disappoint . nni cant wait to go to sleep and wake up so i can eat my leftovers .
__label__pos i  their happy hour special . their   and  kama  me coming back  are   and attentive .
__label__neg very very  customer service . i was just on the phone with an older  trying to explain what was going on with my car so that she could direct me to the right department and she was unfriendly rude not  and then transferred my call when i was mid  i was  a little  about calling the dealership since i am not the most knowledgable when it comes to cars . i am definitely not  to shadyside  to service my car .
__label__neg   and drink specials . food is   and   to   .
__label__neg very  was such a gorgeous place the view was a widescreen hd version of pittsburgh point with the ducky in the river at the time i went . there was  pianist and singer that was just great . it was so pretty and formal like something  out of the titanic . i was pretty on edge i suspected my bf would purpose to me on this night at this restaurant which later i found to be pretty cookie  for pittsburgh and lacking originality . it was really a great time but i havent  back we have since split and it taints the place for me unfortunately because my other half knows as do i that i got engaged here lol . nnother then the obvious reason for not returning lets point out the positives . great lighting . nice wait staff clean presentable and possibly the best view of pittsburgh ever . i got a caesar salad which the waiter made table side and i got to ask questions about anchovies paste and what he was adding in our dressing . the salad had an acquired taste but still pretty good . i got a filet with mash and carrots . the meal was great is wasnt super over flavored which allowed me to taste the quality of the  . the meat was much better then other  in the burgh and its wasnt too expensive . the night ending bill for apps salads diner and dessert was only near 100 and in the end they served me with a plate plated with a diamond ring strawberry syrup in the shape of a question mark . they were really helpful helping the ex plan and definitely could tell it was something they were used to doing but i couldnt help but feel i was just another piece of meat on their engagement assembly line . i wish the location hadnt been tainted with a failed engagement cause they are a decently priced night out for any occasion or celebration im not saying its cheap enough to invite other guest but i would definitely recommend this place for quiet romantic dates especially at night . just if you plan to propose do it else where i found when i was telling my engagement story to those who asked i heard comments such as how cliche or how original or geesh who hasnt got engaged there dont get me wrong it was great but give your gal a creative and love felt engagement stay away from going with the grain . make it special . make this the anniversary spot instead lol . i do agree that below food is kinda bland and mediocre for the price .
__label__neg i just wanted to write you to express my extreme disappointment in the waterfront location . my granddaughter and i bought two mollies last night around 8830pm last night . one of them died over night . when i took the dead fish back to the store to exchange it they gave me a hard time . saying i needed a water sample . i told them ive bought many fish from them in the past and never had to bring in a water sample to exchange a fish . i own two fish tanks . one  gallon and one 40 gallon . i wasnt asking for my money back i just wanted another fish . they refuse and the manager  away from me saying thats our policy . i got my money back for the fish but they no longer have a customer . i also own a business in homestead and would never treat my customers that way . especially if i wanted to keep a good reputation . they have  a customer who has spent hundreds of dollars at that location over a 4 fish.nnhere is the fish return policy they have listed online . no where does it say you need a water sample.nnpetcos commitment to our customers all freshwater fish  at petco.com are guaranteed to stay alive for 30 days from the day they arrive at your home or we will gladly refund your money . all marine species live rock and plants are guaranteed for 15 days from delivery.nni will now have to drive  miles out of my way to another pet store but they will never  another dime from me . hope that 4 fish that they probably paid  cents for was worth it
__label__neg do not go on a friday night or order a pizza because they can not  their popularity . i  a pizza and they say ready in 20 minutes . so i showed up 25 minutes . took them another 5 to  my pizza and they forgot to make the caesar salad i order . that took another 10 minutes . so i had to wait fifteen . no one was in  . it was chines fire drill . the hippie blond  guy with glasses that handled by order did not  offer an apology for the dismal and that is being kind service . they just lost my takeout pizza  .
__label__pos great  and breakfast  and they have an  in a   selection of bottled and canned  . nnreally  and service is  . seems family owned .
__label__neg i had a pretty negative  here . i was told that my design was about the worst design possible which was condescendingly explained as being because i wanted it to have a circle in it but the human body isnt flat . really the human body isnt flat no way im pretty sure ive seen a lot of people with circles in their tattoos before . i have a tattoo on me already that was at least as complicated as the design i brought in to cyclops that they essentially refused to do . i appreciate that the artist i talked to was  about what he  would happen if he tried it but given that there are about 100 other places on carson to get tattoos i was surprised that he was so rude . i definitely would have been thankful for expert advice about how to improve the design but we didnt get anywhere by him simply deriding it . i  appreciate that a tattoo salon is not a department store where every employee is always expected to be  and respectful but my previous tattoo was done by someone much less apparently put upon when asked to  a challenging design . nnin the end im glad that i didnt get tattooed here because i wouldnt want someone that treated me that way  me with needles . i give them two stars instead of one though because the place was very neat and clean and the example art on the walls looked pretty good but to my inexperienced eye equally as  if not more so as what i wanted but was refused . i guess if you really dont care how you are talked to and you want art that is their specialty it would still be an ok place to go .
__label__neg i just may officially be done with dunkin . well this location at least.nni will preface this by saying that sometimes it is the little things in  that keep us going like finding a fiver in an old pair of jeans or pulling up to a parking meeter that already has 30 mins on it . this same holds  with store chain  cards . on this day i has enough punches on my dd sandwich card for a free breakfast sandwich and boy was i excited . nnas i handed my card to the cashier who seemed a bit flustered  he stared at it a if i had just  to use foreign currency . after consulting with the manager he returned and with a haughty tone informed me the this dd location does not honor the cards because we are a kosher restuarant and our prices are higher . really did you really just say that pal this is dunkin doughnuts . it  5 cents to make your sandwiches and i doubt the eggs in the sandwiches are even real egg . the cheese is sub par kraft  and not  melted ever . are you kidding me with thisnnneedless to say i will not be back .
__label__neg   .  20  .     . pizza just okay .
__label__pos we had a great  hereni started with the cheap salad as i was  salad . hit the spot.nhubby started with smashed irishman drink and  . he moved onto a draft beer.ni  onto fish and chipsthey were light and just the right size.nhubby had beef stroganoffhe  it was tasty.nwe ended with the fabulous salted caramelmy fav thing of the night.ni think the  was 62 before tippretty reasonable to me .
__label__pos the pretzels balls . are you joking me . nndelicious and a   place to have dinner . very modern  in the place and good for a night out with the  to have  and  . nnagave margs yum
__label__pos pretty much agree with the other reviews but have to say that the super long wait for a table and ridiculously loud atmosphere although it is really kinda cool and trendy is worth it for the turkey pastrami sandwich . forget everything else on the menu and get this sandwich . just do it . its the best sandwich ive ever had and ive had some amazing sandwiches and im super picky too the cole slaw is amazing . the turkey is smokey and lean . the pretzel bun is to die for . so good . we also always get the cheese plate . were from wisconsin . we know good cheese . this  has a  cheese  . i also tried the grilled cheese sliders but  nothing else is as good as the turkey . sat next to a guy who almost had an orgasm over the monkey bread dessert but i didnt try it should have overall its worth the wait and noise but they really really need to get on open table and start taking  . would help a lot . also need some waiting areas and to cut back on the  of the music or add some acoustic elements so youre not deaf when you leave . wouldnt  some better cocktails too . ive had two and neither of them were very good . ill go for wine next  . will still go back for the food but hope to see some improvement on the flow of the restaurant overall . ill continue to try to go on weeknights and late at night so i can get in without standing outside for an hour .
__label__pos our office dines out  for lunch and this place is on our weekly rotation . the staff is stable and already knows our orders by memory and we  that . they are very friendly and i have never  them hard to understand . the manager always makes his rounds to see how the food was today and is very  . i did notice that when tanger outlets opened they had to  additional staff almost overnight who were not as familiar with the menu as the other waitresses . the food is always reliable and the sauces are to die for . the  cheese is really cool and so is the hummus appetizer . the pizza salad is  two of  share it because it is so large . we do like to change it up and their menu has plenty of choices for when we are feeling adventurous .
__label__neg it pains me to down grade them a few stars but this last experience was disappointing.nni do note we did stop in for happy hour this time and really enjoyed the 5.00 margaritas and 5.00 mini tacos but i dont judge places by their happy hours because happy hours are usually happy anyway.nnwe had a really great dinner here last year and thought we would again . its a beautiful atmosphere here and they have beautiful christmas tree and ice skating at the princess.nn for dinner i was going to try the grouper or the pistachio crusted tuna this time but to my surprise they took them off the menu and replaced them with a tempura battered fish . website  an update why would i order tempura at a mexican place so i went with the skirt steak . nnok i didnt like anything on my plate . the steak wasnt tasty . it  ok but just didnt taste good . i guess it needed some salt and pepper . i should have asked for salt and pepper . it was just soggy beef and also was like chewing just cow and not a tasty steak . i didnt like the potato gratin because it also needed salt and potatoes dont  good unless they are salted . i didnt like the enchilada because of the horrible thick mole sauce . this was the worst mole sauce ive ever tasted in my life and if it was my first time with mole sauce id never touch it again . the sauce wasnt balanced and was thick and too much chocolate and it turned my stomach . i do note the table salsa was  nice and the bar foods we tried were made nice so i know you can get good food here.nnmy husband ordered the short rib that i had last time . the rib this time was ok but not great like the one i had last time . this time it didnt have the really tasty crust on it and the portion size was much smaller . the rib was just  and not made with the really great care like last time . but my husband felt really  when he tasted my plate and told me i could have his instead since it was better.nna very nice manager did check on us and offered to get me something to fix my meal and it was before i knew what was wrong with what i was tasting . i told her it was just ok.nnlast time they werent busy and the food was very  . this time they were very busy and that might or might not be factor in this last experience . i received my meal for free since i have a preferred diners card .
__label__pos this is a shaved ice hut that is fast friendly and great . the  have buy 1 get another free coupons in mailers and the sunday paper . this helps on the price . nnbeware . they are  on sunday . we found this out walking over from sushi  same plaza has happy  all day  for dessert . nnwhat they call a bahama  is a shaved ice with blue bell ice  in the bottom . its worth the extra 1.50. our favorite so far is rootbeer float . its a scary greenyellow color but tastes amazing .
__label__pos the food here in this  little neighborhood place in old town scottsdale is excellent . very friendly  from clint behind the bar who is the absolute  of the manhattan  . if you are a manhattan  just   do his 
__label__neg good  to drink but dont bother eating here . overcooked burger overcooked scallops   eggs but  butter lettuce . nnthe cubby service  is not friendly so stay away . nnworth going for drinks ...
__label__pos what fantastic service  the  is very  and jorge the chef came out to  free samples .  price cocktails named after books on  hour . best pina colada ive ever had . not  and a legit  . will come back .
__label__neg i wish i can write a good review despite the fact the  owner is nice . i agree with some of  that this place is a  pricely for breakfast . for two people my bill was twenty dollars and i just ordered two regular breakfast entrees and coffees and i think the owner overcharged my bill . i rather have a  gains loyalty  then people will come and eat eventually . the portion of the good wasnt huge and i didnt ordered the 3.99 special . for 5.99 i expect better portion . next time i will for to i hop and  for better food and  . not going there again .
__label__pos holy  . or fish . we went to the vintage for a work celebration lunch with about 12 people . the service was good and we sat next to the fireplace . the food was  . i had the fish sandwich and pub fries which was excellent . the sandwich had 2 huge  of breaded fish and a toasted  with a pitchperfect sauce . i took 12 the sandwich home as did  others . the  fries were as expected and delicious . others had the meatloaf which was good and grilled cheese did please . i would go again maybe have some  this time .
__label__neg stayed here again recently but with the family and my experience this time around was quite mediocre . we were on the  floor and asked for the vegas strip view . we had a view but we were located at the back of the building . so we could  see the strip through all the hotelsbuildings . parking was confusing and when we asked where we should park it was inconvenient . nnthe queen size bed was comfy but the pull out bed was  a piece of paper on springs . i had to cushion the pull out bed with the extra pillows so it could be at least a little  . also the pull out bed didnt have any sheets or blankets so we had to request for it . housekeeping was quick to  however . no ice machine on our floor . our shower head was broken and was leaking . i thought it was going to break with one little  to  the direction of the water.nnsince this was a family trip i was irritated at the young  neighbors we had . they were loud at midnight when they left for their debauchery and extremely loud when they came back to their room at 6am . our neighbors across the hall decided to smoke and party in the hallway with their door open . awesome thanks for ruining my smoke free environment .
__label__neg  car    .  in  after  a  3 months earlier i had a late flight landed at 1130nand was told they had no cars on the lot . do not book here .
__label__neg nice staff . ate one  and tossed the pizza .  a vegetarian . tasted like   diced veggies .   .   new haven ct .
__label__pos good    had a nice  with son daughterinlaw and  on 1012. easy  to  a conversation over dinner .
__label__neg  into the dark bathroomnflipped on the lightsnscurrying roaches as in plural  into hidingni squealednwe 
__label__pos i am trying to  a  distance from la condesa is a   factor thats how good it is.nreally its that good.n nthe quesadilla are not your mammas quesadilla by the  of my meal my table is filled with  plastic cups from the salsa bar because there are so many to try and the guacamole is  none ive  had before .
__label__pos     .   is   . horchata is a must try . very well priced . we will be back .
__label__neg wow where to start ... nif you decide to give this place a try based on their good ratings and reviews youre better off looking elsewhere.nme and my girlfriend were looking for ordinary tacos and when we noticed the awesome ratings and good reviews this place had achieved we thought it would be at least decent.nwhen we got there and ordered our drinks i ordered the horchata because according to people on yelp they had the best one could taste.nas soon as i got mine i noticed it had some kind of canned fruit on top if had some sort of strawberry syrup and to top it off it had a brownish color instead of the usual white.nwhen i tried it it was so sweet that one sip is all i could take before i decided to tell the waiter to take it back because i was not going to pay for that.nmy girlfriends jamaica also had a purple color to it and she told me it tasted like grape koolaid.nwhen we were attempting to  food all i wanted from the start was a few simple tacos ... ntheir tacos were 2.97 each that is absolute madnessnfor the size of the tortilla and the quality of the taco the most those could have been worth anywhere  was 1.25.nwhen everything was going bad and our night had been ruined me and my girlfriend started looking around and we noticed that only white people were eating there.nthen everything made sense white  dont know real mexican food so they assume this crap quality was the best they had ever tasted and thus very good  on yelp came from white people.nif you know what real mexican  tastes like and are looking for just  tacos do not go to this utterly  mexican jointnyou will be sorely disappointed.nany cheap taco stand in mexico can beat the taste of these so called street tacos and for a third of the pricenif i could i would  this place 0 stars .
__label__pos  put down your purse and start eating . the portions are huge . huge . and delicious . nnif you havent eaten here yet you should but do so with an open mind . its  farm food . it sounds kinda off when you read the menu but just trust em.nnchicken and waffles ftwnni had the whatever adam richman had in mvf and it was  . i split it with a  and  couldnt finish it.nnmy husband had the  tenderloin and it was amazing.nni recommend the blt bloody mary.nnour service was excellent too . i did hear another lady complaining about the service they had the day before but was thanking our server for being on top of it . its a gamble when you eat on the strip in vegas ...
__label__neg where do i start nnthis is my first review and the first time i have ever been so let down by all the good reviewsnnsaw it on tv and it looked greatnreal life unfortunately was a let down.nnhere are my gripesn1 had breakfast after 11am . they only serve scrambled eggs after 11.n for the  they ask this seems to be a bit lamenn2 pancake was not good very tough and very short on flavorntough i could  my  with themnn3 my 3 eggs and bacon breakfast was 9.00. not to far out of range until you count the bacon 2 strips of baconnthis was not thick bacon nor was it special baconntwo strips of thin regular baconnnhow can they boast about their 1ib burgers and giant pancakes and oversized and  everything and then serve  slices of thin regular baconnn4 dried out biscuit they did not even serve butter and jam with the biscuitndo they feel that it was so good that it needed no helpnni do not think that the management  eats there or else they would have to know that they are sub parnnwaitress was good though
__label__pos husband and i were craving a good breakfast and it was after 11am . i  the goat cheese  tomato basil scramble w their crispy yum potatoes which had lots of diced red onions and bell peppers  in . loooved it my jaw dropped when i saw my husbands plate of monster pancake  blueberries and candied walnuts . i actually said holy sh as a genuine response to it . plenty of good coffee and attentive service as well . the  was hopping and there was a 20 min wait before we got seated . nwas surprised that this popular spot is located up some escalators inside the imperial palace casino . dont  we would ever have  it otherwise if it werent for  . would definitely come back to try some other items .
__label__pos  it . best place i went to in vegas . staff were so friendly and super relaxed . bloody mary with jalapeu00f1o  olives  every time . we went 3 times in 6 days . can you say obsessed man vs food challenge was  . its a benedict but by the looks of it you have to dig for the eggs . the sauce is out of this world . one day i had the salmon scramble and it was awesome . every  we ordered was massive and  have been a man vs food challenge . i  theres a hash house close to us in  which means we are headed there asap . yes you have to wait but its so unbelievably worth it .
__label__neg dreadful . i ordered the guacamole first because thats the barometer . it was made well probably last week .   . i was going to order something authentic but yeah after that no . nnthe salsa was  water . the chips were  . nthe  was decent . nnim not going to say it was the worst mexican food ive ever had but its in the bottom three . nnsave your  . nnthe only reason im  it a star at all is because the beers were only 2.50 .
__label__pos excellent   and a   collection .  youre in charlotte downtown .  in . you wont be 
__label__neg i would  advise against using this company . they have given us nothing but trouble over the past few years . they are incapable of managing their own accounting system . several times they have  us we have not paid . we have  them with a cashed check receipt showing that they  payment and cashed the check . they are trying to rip people off by double billing them . they are banking on customers not checking their  and then resubmitting  . nnadditionally their accounting person is impossible to get in touch with and will take well over a week to respond to requests . their  service is horrible and we will  recommend or use them again .
__label__pos amazing  treehouse setting stupendous  and great food . las vegas has a new jewel high  the rather  crystals shopping center at the dreary  center . i cant  you how wonderful the entire experience dining at mastros isits magical . go enjoy and  your  and appetite .
__label__pos whenever we dine here my  and my brain thank me..after a disappointing dinner at the rm seafood last sunday..for my hubby s bday we decided to visit our friend..mastro at crystals ... i called to make a  and was greeted by  which was super nice and helpful.my husband and i were wearing shorts and that was not a problem for the restaurants attire.nwe started with a bottle of pinot noir and of course the bread basket .  appetizer we ordered the shrimp cocktail all cleandeveined properly and the steamed mussels..let me tell ya..the shrimps are super jumbo..i took 4bites out of one shrimp..the mussels are  with that tasty wine reduction ..actually just that by itself is an entree .nfor entree we shared the seared scallops and a steak with a side of fries.. the portions are perfect ..but we got full after the steamed mussels so had to take the rest to go ... nalso if u have a special occasion make  u tell them ahead as they will get u a super nice piece of cake for u.. on the house.nall this deliciousness didnt cost more than 180 .. nthank u for another pleasant experience mastros ..see you soon
__label__pos     .    so  reservations and enjoy .
__label__pos    .  had  and    toast and two perfectly cooked over easy eggs im not into sweet stuff for breakfast but he loved it . me ... i had the manhattan omelet ... .one of the best omelets i have ever had . not a big pancake fan but the ones with my omelet were wonderful . were looking forward to enjoying more items on their menu before heading back to the rainy but beautiful northwest . service outstanding . definitely go to flapjacks
__label__pos if you are looking for  stop shopping in a  then dr grams is for you . need a crown ... .done in the same day with his state of the  advanced equipment  in his  . have an emergency dr grams is there for you immediately . i am extremely  with the  of work by dr  and his whole staff .
__label__pos i took my car in for an oil change after another place told me i needed to book a week in advance not  for me my schedule changes every single week so i happened to stop by since my dad had taken my car here forever ago . not only were they super nice they were  to squeeze me in as a walk in since someone else hadnt showed for their appointment the only thing they told me when i came back to pick it up was that i needed my tires aligned . i had just changed the tires somewhere else and they said the same thing so i  they werent just trying to upsell me . when i explained that i planned on selling my car soon they were so honest and  i wouldnt even bother then its not  that itll affect you short term ni always appreciate honesty on things like this especially being a younger girl who knows  to nothing about cars . and as it turns out i decided to keep my car and i will definitely be  to have my tires aligned
__label__neg as a used record store not good . another place that prices used records to sit rather than sell . basically any currently popular classic  bowie  beatles zep etc . will be priced at maximum market value . why do this they may catch the random  with a coupon who doesnt  records but collectors mostly disheveled old men will  . maybe thats the plan to keep these unsavory indiduals away hmmmm.nlike bookmans im sure the vinyl sales only count for a tiny percentage of overall sales so in their defense im sure they dont put a  of effort into it.nbut at these  they are guaranteed to keep vinyl sales to a minimum . n2 stars for a friendly staff and a nice used book selection but i will  not return anytime soon .
__label__neg   services   the   and  . we never received a water bill in august . today 9514 we received a bill showing a past due amount due immediately and a 5 late fee for a bill we never received . i called water  and was directed to revenue recovery as if im some sort of deadbeat . i explained my problem and the woman on the other end became terse rude and downright nasty . well we use the same mail everyone else uses so its not our responsibility if you dont get your bill . so im supposed to drive to where they print their bills and pull mine off the line is that it nnthe conversation got worse as i tried to explain that its unfair to penalize me for a bill i never got . well you can have it taken out of your checking account for a fee oh like im going to trust this slimy bunch of perverts with my bank account and routing numbers . like hell i will . nnthe end result is that i can take a full day of my time to file a formal protest which will go before a board of review to see if they can waive the 5 late fee . i know their time isnt worth anything but mine is . i guess they are really telling me that need to steal a plant from the park to get my 5 back . nnthere were a lot of ways the city could have handled this communication which would not have angered or antagonized me but the pms queen chose to speak in condescending tones and tell me its my responsibility to police the us postal service . so i overpaid by a penny just so they have to post it as a credit . next month another penny and so on until i have my 5 back in manual processing time .
__label__neg after trying this place for the first time last  when i was in phoenix and having a wonderful experience i went back there today and was absolutely disgusted . as we approached the front door a friend said he thought it looked  but it turned out it was open there just werent any people inside . nnthe   like a sewage plant on the inside and we immediately turned around and went elsewhere for  . luckily my friend said a new ramiros opened  his house because i will definitely  go  to this location again .
__label__pos we moved to the area recently and have planned to visit mijana  times but only made it out tonight . we arrived just after they opened for dinner so it was pretty empty except for a birthday party by the stage area.nnthe waitress was attentive and had drinks and food for us very quickly.nim a freak about hummus and make my own pretty regularly so i know what i like . the hummus here was absolutely wonderful a good traditional creamy hummus.nnthe first batch of pita that came with it was nothing special but the second batch was wonderful . it was hard to believe these came from the same kitchen but im glad we asked for more.nnmy wife had the lamb shank dinner and i had the kofta kebab and we both agreed that our  was delicious but the rice was  . the salad that came with the meal is always like garnish to me good but nothing special and certainly not the star of the meal.nnif i have the chance i  come back for the lunch buffet but the dinner was great even if a little  . for the lamb it seems appropriate but koftakefta always seems like it should be cheaper than it is.nnhummus 55npita 45 second serving was much betternlamb shank dinner 55 nkofta kebab 55nnservice 55nclean 55
__label__pos i have been back    my  less that stellar experience and am glad i did . i have had their  1 sandwich which is wonderful . i enjoy their  recipe lasagna very much . and i have tried their  which is also very good . im really glad that i gave this place another try . the shift managers lori beth and  are so nice i guess this just goes to show that any place can have an off night . ill be back again
__label__pos the restaurant is very nice on the  compared to the outside . i nice place for a date.nni ordered the tom  gai and it was very flavorful not quite as rich with coconut milk as at thai rama but  very good . i  medium and this is probably closer to hot . as i  i noticed these things i thought were green onion on further  they were small sliced chili peppers . their rice was nit as fluffy as i usually like but thats ok. i also got the red curry because the server said it was their most popular curry . again very flavorful and tasty . service was very good  they werent busy at all . iced tea was good . i would  again
__label__pos we toured the galleries for 5  and still was not enough . we didnt even get a chance to visit oceania . i recommend getting the two day pass for 27 and spending a whole weekend over there i promise you wont get tired of this   also i would suggest to keep track of the mims  series they  wonderful and virtuoso artists from all over the globe.nnif you want to read more about my visit and thoughts on the mim i have a full article in my  httplagamio.com20140326musicalinstrumentmuseum
__label__pos i   for work and i eat out about 20 days out of each month . that being said we found a hidden gem of a cafe in brendas kitchen . we were only here the area for a  but we  to come here after the first day as often as possible . as long as the great service and great food doesnt change  will be around for a long  . im almost  to post to yelp cause now this  cafe is gpnna get over run . breakfast or lunch just go
__label__pos   unnecessary  .  on  .  and comfortable .   .
__label__neg in my experience i found her not to have the level of knowledge and expertise expected . suspect either poor listening or  comprehension skills as she researches and answers questions not asked while failing to respond to those actually  then charges both meeting time and  time.nninitially  her to be basically competent in elementary tax matters ie  tax or other software might do just as well but would suggest seeking  elsewhere if your  has any degree of complexity or variance to  1040 .
__label__neg i spied a 75 off rack at amy inc. i decided i should go and look . i found some wonderful clothes . the girl ringed me up and as i looked at the receipt the accounting looked wrong it was for 155  i had figured roughly about 120 max . so i reviewed the receipt and i explained to the girl that two of my shirts dont show the correct amount on the receipt . she then just tried to explain it away 3 times to me but it still didnt make sense . ok i asked do you mind just reringing it up because you see it doesnt make sense and i am trying to understand sure let me go get the owner . nn the owner looked put out and annoyed . why did she have to bother with me and with this little order she looked at me up and down and said to the girl we do it this way to save the customer a few cents but we will rering it all . i thought wow turning dollars into cents interesting and i ask this isnt going to hit my account twice is it no she said anything that gets voided before midnight it wont go against your account . so she rerang the clothes and the amount came to 95. cool i thought  surprised . i smiled at her and chuckled that was a little more than just a few cents . she looked at me like i was something out of the movie pretty woman when the character julia who is a prostitute tries to spend her money at an expensive store and gets refused . so i am uncomfortably looking down at this point and then i hear no dont do that we will never see the money . i looked up at her and told her i am standing  here and i would think from an establishment such as this one that i would be treated with more respect . she started interrupting me loudly telling me that her  are  more patient and that she told her girl that because she was going to override the system and process the transaction . so i said well you either way you can imagine what that sounds like to me i say ... there is plenty of money in my account can you try again she says we did if you have so much money in the bank i can call them for you i finally replied i can easily go and get you cash but i would never spend my money here keep the clothes she replies i dont have time for this and walks away and so did we.nnwe  out the hard way our account had been hit 3 times once for 155 and twice for 95 so our bank put a hold on our account all weekend long for those amounts and because of the multiple transactions they thought it was fraud so we had to get our account off of lock down . at the same time all that money was going to be held until amy inc. cleared it up on their end . nntuesday i get a call from my husband in which he informed me that they actually charged us 155 to our account for clothing i never left the store with so i called them dealt with the same two people the employee and the owner and explained what  and asked them to credit our account no apologies or nothing just a disclaimer that she didnt know how long it would take until i got my money back . ended up taking 5 more days.nnmoral of the story never shop at amy inc. in scottsdale .
__label__neg i was called twice today . caller i.d . identified the caller as out of area  unknown which made me skeptical to begin with . i answered the second call only because i do have some friends in other countries . i got the usual from what other reviews said fasttalking salesman who dashed through the name of the organization then said as you know its that time of year again and we will be putting your envelope in the  for you to send us another  this year . he then started in about how they give these special women direct care ... at this point i  him and asked him the name of the organization again and he said the breast cancer society . i told him i had worked in oncology care for 40  as an oncology social worker and had never heard of them at which he  of stopped short in his tracks before he sputtered out something like well there are a lot of organizations out there . i said yes there were and because i had never heard of his i was  and wanted to be taken off their call list . he couldnt hang up fast enough but i will give him credit for being polite he did say thank you just before saying goodbye and abruptly hanging up . please give your money to a legitimate cancer charity and not this bogus organization
__label__pos   with       and good location near shopping . only negative is that it doesnt carry all of the tv channels i like thats important to the business traveler in me eh em ... disney channel cough get it cough .
__label__pos i  right next to this place and  to  it out . the pizza was good very  portions . the  was also  . i will be   to eat here more often .
__label__pos good   . better than dannys . they are relentless on the up sales  . i  a car off to have it  and the guy had the stones to call me  minutes  trying to up sale me .
__label__neg  ... . i just  a carwash ... ill   the  but the up selling gets  and every  i go here the  are creepy and unprofessional . wont be going back .
__label__pos  a    key  at ikeyless.com to be cut and matched to the mrs. car . getting through to the service department was a challenge but when i did get through and talked to mike santana i was able to set up a early morning appt.nnmikes professionalism and willingness to make sure i had a good experience here were top notchnntook care of the  and also had the techs perform a courtesy check that i asked for . did not hard sell the scheduled maintenance that was needed.nnthanks mike
__label__neg my wifes wallet was  while she was in class . the studio provides no security for valuables other than cubbies . either someone came into the studio from the outside or someone in her 400 to 530 pm class stole her wallet . supposedly there is always someone at the front desk so the filthy scumbag  is probably someone in her class . this scumbag tried to ring up charges on my wifes debit card at cvs and at a shell station but bank of america declined them . next they tried her  and charged 161 at walgreens and another 59 at virgin mobile . then they used her visa card to for another 300 in charges . all cards are  scumbag and the charges reversed.nnwe had to spend several hours on the  with the police credit reporting agencies bank and credit card companies . even worse my wife  precious irreplaceable pictures of her deceased father . nndue to the lack of security for valuables i would not recommend this business and am encouraging my wife to never go back .
__label__neg   .  fast.nnsmall more   bank . i had a good experience mostly but they have been inconsistent between me and another new customer . different answers delivery dates and i still have not received my referral credit .
__label__neg   .   .  of    .
__label__neg bad service .  service . nni  when   so big and controlling that customer service becomes a fleeting consideration . ive been in this store a handful of times and the waits are always long the reps have lackluster attitudes and the overall experience negative . nnthe other options in cell service are just as  so why even consider switching nnthe whole industry has the consumers on a short leash and it shows . i wish i could say ill never be back but that isnt true and verizon knows it . as a result the  just sucks .
__label__neg well ill  get that 20 minutes  . the bad and ugly..not sure there was a good . nni phoned the 7th ave location of edible arrangements thinking it was the  to my clients office . there is a 12 delivery  to drive less than 3 miles . seems a bit much to me.nni was on hold for over 10 minutes . i think the poor  on the phone was the only employee working at the time.nnoverall the entire experience was unpleasant . the  seems overpriced along with poor customer  . id rather give my client a fruit  from ajs .
__label__pos lacking a clean or acceptable chinese restaurant in  grande i discovered this  while showing  in anthem . menu has  choices and restaurant is  with attractive  . the dishes i have chosen so far have been excellent with nice portions . service is friendly and efficient .  worth the drive from anywhere in pinal 
__label__pos best coffee of any vietnamese restaurant . so so so inexpensive best sandwiches best pho best everything . its the quintessential hole in the wall . everything is a comforting about the food . my ideal  here is an  of spring rolls    and hot coffee . and when we go to pay i always pick up one of those  green  desserts . my  orders pho and i always drink the left over soup . for about 10 bucks you feast .
__label__neg east valley family  is a  the wait time is hours one time i waited 4 hours after my appointment  to finally be seen by doctor . the doctors are rushed they dont ask questions dont listen dont provide information . they act and groan and scoff like theyre pissed they have to do their job . you wait hours to see a doctor and he sees you for 60 seconds . theyre not gay friendly or people friendly period . they dont do any refills over the phone of any kind under any circumstances if you need a refill you need to make  appointment and they just increased their  visit fee from 50 to  bucks . nnnot happy . not even a little .
__label__pos yeah these  know their coffee tucked  in this little obscure strip mall about a stones throw from my house . i had avoided going there because they used to put this mannequin matador out in front of their place . it was   kinda creepy and just bad in so  ways . i know i shouldnt be such a brandingmarketing snob but it was just  im seriousnnthat said they have since  said matador and we decided to  it a try . yes we should have gone way before exceptional coffee and an awesome omelette later i was completely kicking myself for not trying it sooner .
__label__pos   . fast service . no  salesmen .   on  is  to 
__label__pos i just did the photography for yelps little yelp of horrors halloween party  night at 12 west main . the event turned out great i dont think it would have been quite as fun anywhere  . the staff at 12 west main are kind friendly and super easy to work with . coming from a photographers prospective 12 west main is a great location for weddings and all sorts of special events . its industrial chic design  the doors open for so many different options . this place has great texture with red brick  and beautiful  concrete floors . a  venue offering excellent  full service wet  and more 12 west main is the bees knees
__label__pos kevin has been working with  on our   and he is always on time  nice and definitely  his business . i cant  he hasnt been reviewed . definitely the nicest  i have ever  and reasonable in pricing
__label__neg my husband scheduled us an appointment at this office for two reasons it was only a mile and a half from our house and the contracted rate for the dentists services was the most reasonable in the area . we both work with a health insurance company so were knowledgeable about how providers are billed.nnupon arriving we were both very impressed with the office design . the whole design was based off a train station or rather a toy train station . theres a rail near the ceiling that runs throughout the office . everything upfront is wooden and has an antiquated feel . it really is sight to behold . even if you dont ever get services rendered i would suggest anyone to marvel the imagination that went into this office.nnthe frontoffice staff was definitely less than stellar . to be specific the young blond woman upfront was very welcoming and professional . even when she handed me what im sure she realized was an embarrassing amount of paperwork to complete she did so with a smile . i enjoyed her.nnher colleague struck me as unfriendly and irritated by slow patient checkins or unsuccessful insurance verifications . i didnt have direct interactions with her this was only my observation.nni do want to state that although i didnt see him i heard the dentist talking with a walkin patient who had some questions . from a customerservice stance the man was very good at using wellpositioned statements using empathetic language and providing options . i was very impressed with him even though i never even saw his face because i was filling out paperwork.nnthe patient rooms are also nice and modern with flatscreen monitors wellkept and clean instruments and open environments . some offices give the impression of cramming in as many patients as possible as if were chicken mcnuggets . not the case with this one.nnthe salesperson approach was apparent the moment i went to the examination  . the hygienist while  and professional talked about issues she noted with my teeth while positioning them with services that i knew my insurance wouldnt cover and would resultantly allow for balancebilling . i also discussed the need for me to resume my orthodontic treatment since i pulled my braces off six months before after i lost my insurance . the salesperson approach  into overdrive with the gratuitous praise heaped upon the orthodontist someone who apparently always uses the most cuttingedge  in all of phoenix . in fact she mentioned this twice during my visit . the whole discussion was so glib.nnwhat irritated me most was that i was originally scheduled for a standard cleaning . they never got around to that . they discussed with me the need for a deepscale which i knew i needed but i  knew that i had to schedule that after my standard cleaning . instead when i asked about whether i could get any treatment while i was thereat the least a cleaningthe hygienist stated that they had a 3 p.m. appointment that they had to tend to so they wouldnt be able to get to me that day . in essence i never got what i came for . yeah not the professional response i expected.nnon a separate note my husband was scheduled at the same time . they were successful in getting his cleaning done and according to him they never took a salesperson approach with him.nnthey provided me a treatment plan with associated costs which was another irritant . apparently their contracted rate was nearly double what the insurance company told me it would be . although i have a coinsurance this nonetheless increased costs by nearly twofold.nni left the office with  appointments for my deepscale and fillings but after i got home and thought about the entire experience i made the decision that id seek services elsewhere . if the blond woman and the faceless dentist i heard ran the entire office id happily pay premium dollar for the service . however the other frontoffice professional hygienist and my dentist assured me that i would never return.nnmy husband  about the office the entire time home . i hope they both have a long illustrious relationship together . no thanks for me .
__label__neg i really really wanted to like this place . a friend showed me flier she recieved and it had some new breakfast items . i was so excited . i was not impressed with the atmosphere . we ordered at the counter . the prices were very high for as casual as it was . we waited a long time for our drinks . i have to say if you give me a cup of coffee i dont mind waiting for food . or at  offer some water . it was pricey for a cup of coffee that never got refilled so it was starbucks like and not resturant style . we got our food . the french toast was great . the egg sandwhich was just that a egg sandwhich for 8.50 and i had to buy 2 cookies and another cup of coffee cause i was still hungry . the very worst thing was the crepes . they were sooooo hard and the raspberry sauce ruined the fruit . they gave me a free cookie when i told them about the crepe . they  asked if they  make me something  but i was leaving after waiting for such a long time waiting for our food . i dont mind waiting if the food is good . can i  get some apple sauce as a side or something . i dont know . i love  places like this with good healthy options but i want to eat and feel good after spending 40.00. pink spakler  was good . for as many people they had working there was not alot of service and not alot of food .
__label__pos this is a business that  cares about providing the highest   preserving  and  other   . i highly recommend  cafe
__label__pos very  fresh food . little expensive as  from a place  healthy  food and also vegan  . there was a long wait . we  on a sunday morning . the juices menu was very tempting . we ordered pancake scrambled eggs and avocado egg sandwitch . avocado sandwitch was very yummy . kids were happy with eggs  and  ice cream .
__label__neg     .    was  and undercooked . a few weeks ago the tuna was missing from the sandwich . and its only this location .
__label__neg the pad see ew can be described in three words eww eeww ewww i hate to say it but id give this place zero stars if i could . i was in the area and since this thai restaurant had 4 out of 5 stars i thought id give it a try . seemed  a sure bet ... i mean 45 stars on  cant go wrong with that right wrong nnive had my fair share of thai food and this has to be the absolute worst . i ordered pad see ew to  since i was  to the airport but decided to taste my order while in the car what can i say my hunger got the best of me . i opened the box and the smell was just horrid . this fresh meal  so spoiled my stomach turnednnnside note for those of you who still  to give this establishment a try even though i dont  it they only take credit card on orders of 15 or more
__label__pos girl talk was performing at the  boulevard pool area the night i came to the cosmo . it was a freaking awesome concert even though it was windy and cold as hell outside . one thing i  like about this hotel is that they have a giant   outside the hotel that shows you all the main events going on live and girl talk was no exception.nnthe entire hotel is very swanky and has so much art and other cool stuff to stupidly gawk at ie the three story chandelier bar which is made with 30 million worth of real crystals . no wonder everybody  about vegas economymaybe you shouldnt spend that much building a bar  . the location is also very awesome . my only gripe is that this place is definitely way out of my budget probably to help pay for that bar haha . good luck trying to find a table for less than 50 on the weekends.nnhowever when i  a millionaire you better  ill be hanging out with the equally swanky 20 somethingyearold glamour gods and goddesses the hotel tries to cater to .
__label__pos i like the cosmopolitan and during my time here ive always had a room with a good view of the strip and the bellagio fountains . my first time in vegas which was years ago i stayed at the bellagio . at the bellagio my room was basic and cost about 300 that  and didnt have a good view at all . in order to watch the fountain show i had to actually go  and view it with a bunch of frumpy  . my patience for that type of thing is very limited so i got over it fast . it was really nice to be able to watch the show while having a few drinks on the privacy of my own balcony at the cosmopolitan . ive additionally stayed at the wynn palms and palms place and the cosmopolitan has them all beat.nnthe casino of the cosmopolitan is nice are there casinos in vegas that i find to be more classic yes but the cosmopolitan is very hip and ... cosmopolitan . due to it being the newest hotel in vegas it does draw in a  amount of trendy people . this hotel is definitely a great place to stay at if youre looking to have a crazy fun vegas trip there is a lot of that energy here.nnadditionally the pool is amazing because its complete with a view of las vegas unlike the other good hotels bellagio wynn etc . which have  on the ground level.nnmarquee is the dayclub and nightclub at the hotel and definitely one of the better venues for drinking in vegas . im not going to say the crowd is amazing because its relatively general public like  else in vegas . essentially you dress up wait in a line and get in . i will say the space is nice and because it is the newest spot in vegas you will get a lot of attendance . what i love most about marquee is the  is extremely accommodating and nice . they go above and beyond to make sure their guests are having a good time and are very attentive . theres a frozen lemonade  beverage that is amazing as well .
__label__pos my personal visit here was awesome .  gorgeous and upscale . nnupon checkin they ran out of our regular room and upgraded us to a 1  terrace . we called for  towels and the service was quick efficient and friendly . the hotel had a  selection of eateries from fast food pizza to fancy dining . additionally it seems that they have loose slots because  of us were  time on the penny slots and we all won . my friend turned her 10 into  within a half hournntheir club marquee gets packed per usual . overall i cant complain about anything and had a great time in sin city .
__label__neg the cosmo is beautiful on the outside and the slots always look shiny and new . sadly the layout colors decor and  games suck . it seems they went for an overthetop look how  80searly 90s classy we are . the absolute worse part was the casino stench . id say about half of the casinos pump in a certain house  but this place reeks of a nasty  smell as if someone   bubble gum on fire or something . all decorations just look cheap to me like what elegant was not what it is or will be .
__label__pos beautiful  up wedding . the chapel was so helpful and gracious . the flowers were beautiful the photographer was awesome . cake pops were  . the the  spoon was awesome for our family . the  suite was  with  of the bellagio  . lastly the concierge  everything extra special . loved the rock shows too .
__label__pos hyper hubris that has  of luxury and lounging space without the gambling clamor always in your  . cosmopolitan has stayed faithful to its own  in that respect . were still far off from a fortress of solitude not  you  in one of their  plum rooms . but in offseason this is the place id like to  to .  the horde of people this is cosmoritzy . historymaking
__label__neg  hotel..but no coffee  paid 15 for them to bring coffe to my room and it was only enough for  cups and the fridge only has  for their stuff that they want you to buy and a    . not that  thanks but no thanks cosmo you can do better
__label__neg so last saturday my friends and i  out to vegas to have some fun and decided on the cosmopolitan for our first night out . a very mixed experience first we  over to stk where we had dinner and then decided to have a drink at the bar but quickly  to go elsewhere because the 2 ladies behind the bar were rude.nnwe made our way over to  . wow so much talent with a friendly welcome . the drink was so good and i highly recommend itnnnow comes to our final destination the chandelier bar . we settled in to the second  but not for long . we sat next to the service station and notice something  . a drink was sitting there with the drink ticket inside the drink . yuck i took a picture and posted it here on yelp . needless to say i  never go back to chandelier . and it  of makes me wonder what else happens behind the scenes at the other venues .
__label__neg i  i could give them 0 stars  an order at   am and of course they tell you that it will take from 4560 min . i was ok with that but after 1 hour and 30 min has past and i called a lady  up the phone and couldnt find my order what so she finally found it after  me 15 questions and  me on hold for 5 minutes the delivery just left our restaurant so here i am pissed that 1 it has been 1 hr and 40 min now 2 she couldnt find my order which probably didnt make until i called . when food got to my house it was cold the fries were soggy jalapeu00f1o popper werent fried but baked disgusting food to be honest  ever again i will order from here
__label__neg pizza was disgusting not  and reminded me of red barron .  order took  1hr 47min to arrive and was cold . when i called to complain i was provided a 2  . the girl was rude and acted as if it happens all the time so it was simply no big deal . my order from this place was a mistake to  with as i thought i had ordered from my  place sicilis . big mistake if you want good and authentic  order from sicilis on twain . stay far far  from this place .
__label__pos    car    enough to get to i thought they were fine . i just hopped the regular car rental shuttle to the rental center and then hopped the fox shuttle to their place . easy.nni picked up the  at 8 p.m. on a tuesday and dropped off at 830 p.m. on a sunday so perhaps they werent as busy as other times of the day.nnthe staff were friendly  and got the job done . nnfive days for just over 200 with unlimited miles . ill go back there again .
__label__neg i must say ive always loved maurices been shopping there since i was 1213 years old clothes are reasonably priced and will last many washes and wears even worked for the company for a short time.nni still go in to this store to buy  staple items because they fit so well and are great on the budget . however the service i  at this store is not only  and short but its not the same service delivered to everyone . ive witnessed on more than one occasion these girls be hateful  customers back ... you never know when someone will hear you . and they are blatantly bity to me . if i based my shopping in this store strictly on  i would never go back . lucky for them the price is right nits funny that a company founded off a small  feel and friendliness allows a store manager and her assistants to behave in a manner far from ... the leader creates the culture of the environment so its no surprise to me that each of the associates behaves this way
__label__neg this is honestly the worst card i have ever owned . i pay more than the minimum payment and my balance never seems to go down . i called their customer service and can never get a straight answer . their customer service department is by far the rudest customer service i have ever dealt with . i cut up my card as i did my other credit cards.. so i went on to make my payment and i was for some reason locked out . i could not reset my password because i dont have my cc . i called customer service and this stupid indian lady kept telling me she would mail me a pin . i could not for the life of me make her  i wanted my password reset . for about  minutes this went on until i said can i please speak to someone who knows what they are doing she  back at me that she knows what she is doing . i said i would like to speak to a supervisor.. she said may i ask what this is in regards to um duh i said i dont want to talk to you anymore . she kept me on  for  minutes and her attitude was alot nicer when she came back on . she finally figured out i wanted my password reset and goes u00f6h no sorry i am not able to do that . i thought you wanted a new pin because your cc wouldnt work.. wow i told her 4 times throughout the call that i cut up my card . i had missed a payment by 1  and i called customer service and asked if they could reverse the 25 fee..this dude proceeds to give me a lecture about how i  to learn to pay my bills on time . i  him it was an accident and he said there are no excuses man we will not do this for you again nice customer service dude run this card is not worth it the frustration of dealing with customer service is horrible .
__label__neg this was my first and last time going here . nni had a doctors  in this area and decided to try the area . nnthe lady named yen was who did my pedicure . i walked into salon and a guy didnt greet me he just said pick a color . nni  and the girl that did my feet didnt greet me either . she had a coworker sit next to us the whole time making fun of the  next to me and talking about me as  . i had to try and  get her name because she wasnt going to volunteer it and there was a  barrier . nndefinitely an unpleasant experience not worth the 25.00. will never go 
__label__pos this place is one of our familys  spots . the decor is wonderful staff is attentive the food is  fast and it is super  and the food is wonderful . they have one of the best chicken fried steaks i have ever had . many lunchdinner  for about 6. the steak with cheese and mushrooms is very  and tender . also for parents note the bar is in a  separate room from their family friendly dining room .
__label__neg oh lordy ... where to even begin like anyone else we came here for the free breakfast and free show . peter and i had been talking about timeshares but we werent informed . so we figured wed reap the benefits of the breakfast and show as well as inform ourselves on what timeshares are all about . nnthe presentation was great it made so much sense why pay more to rent when we can save money by owning i apply that  of logic to my daily life i bought a house instead of renting one . our rep jacob was really nice . he  us over to the resort ... which was  but it felt more like a retirement home than anything else.nnwe were both up front with jacob . we told him that we wouldnt be able to make a decision today . we likes the logic behind their sales  but  line is we need more time to think about our finances . jacob didnt like it . we just kept going around in circles . it turned from the mindset of lets get information into lets get out of here nnwe finally were released from wyndhams claws and got our 40 deposit back . we got our free vouchers for jubilee and a 50  express giftcard ultimately we came up ... but you pay for these incentives with your time and sanity . nnthe talk is not 120 minutes . we were there from 955am until  ... 2pm crazy
__label__pos dr.  is very helpful and  his  . the  are always  and the prices are very reasonable if you are cash pay . definitely  recommend this dermatologist . they have a lot of  and services . great location . and scheduling is usually  flexible .
__label__pos i frequent this  cleaner because it is the closest one to my house . the staff is  and they appear to  work on site . they  the job done quick and my clothes are often ready before i can find time to pick them up . if you drop your clothes off early enough in the morning they will be ready by 5 pm on the next   . prices vary depending on what you bring in but its usually around 2 to 3 bucks  item . youre supposed to prepay prepay discount but i think you can also opt to  when you pick up although itll be more expensive .
__label__pos great   and a mean  asada burrito . their hot sauce has  a really nice  to it and will leave your  flaring . togo  was really good as well.nwill definitely be back .
__label__neg i wanted to see why people like this place . really i got my order in spanish and the  had some obnoxious soap opera en espanol so i had really high hopes for this place . then i opened my box and was like wtf you know its not a good sign when you feel the grease in your mouth before you even  your food.nn i ordered a chicken quesadilla and a taco with rice and beans . the quesadilla felt like it was prepared by a 10 year old white girl who decided to use her mothers left over grease from a week ago to experiament with cooking for the   . the taco was whatever . my bulgarian mother has made more authentic tacos than that . the beans were good but if they  those up id be worried . they have them premade in  . sure the portions were large but what happened to  over quantity i blame my negative reviews due to my travels . if i had never traveled to mexico or didnt seek out mexican food frequently i probably would have loved this place.nnoh also customer service ... .forget it . nobody smiles here . theyre probably pissed they have to eat their own food on their lunch  though so thats why i give this place two stars .
__label__neg   and   nnspent  5 hours speaking with  different customer service reps in india trying to cancel my reservation . they answer your questions from the book and not by the situation .
__label__neg i was told to arrive at 830 am for a  appointment as a new patient for a routine annual exam which i did . at 1040 after being in a paper gown for quite some time i was finally seen . she said thanks for your  . i said im not that patient . her reasons for the delay were twofold 1 we have 6 practitioners in this office and we have to  rooms um schedule your patients appropriately and 2 told to me midexam we have alot of longtime patients at this practice and when they come in we like to find out whats going on with their kids and their grandkids and stuff so we  a little extra time with some of our patients . im not kidding . she also kept making this disconcerting exhalation noise during the exam the kind you make when youre around something you dont want to smell . i was perfectly clean and healthy and she made the noise during paperwork too so it wasnt me and it wasnt necessary then she asked me if i had any other concerns before she walked out the door and i joked that hopefully my husband whom im separated from which we had discussed hadnt cheated on me and now wed know . she said oh i wish you had said something i could have done cultures but cant now since we already used the gel . end result i was   late for work for a 10 minute appointment with absolutely no patient emergencies involved and did not get the thorough care i thought i was waiting for . i was also not kept informed about the delay which would have been  helpful since my son had forgotten to bring his lunch to school and the delay did not seem unusual . no one seemed happy to work there . i am furious and will never go back to that practice . which is convenient since i dont think theyll like me much after i send them an invoice for lost wages . i know i sound like im out on a limb but ive worked in healthcare for many years i was raised in a healthcare family . i understand bookings and reimbursements delays and  . but this was unacceptable .
__label__neg i like the aldo chain of shoe stores because it is a pretty nice mixture of decent fashion decent quality leather shoes at  prices . nnfor  its like clarks or bass with more style or kenneth cole without the designer price . nnthe two stars is for the staffservice . i didnt like the whiney voice of the person who helped us she seemed off in her  and attentiveness should i say robotic soundingnnhey i helped earn my way through college selling shoes and later was a junior buyer at a regional department  chain early in my career so i know a little something about shoes . nnthe girl that helped us didnt . nnwe didnt buy  but i professionally reboxed and stacked up the pairs of shoes for them to easily put away . that  putting back all the tissue cardboard plastic etc . that comes inside the box of every pair . nnthe staff didnt seem to care less . unprofessional . nnjust call me an old shoe dog.nnbut a better breed than al bundy the loser  dog .
__label__pos pacific sales is not your run of the mill appliance store . they close at 6pm and they are not open on sundays . pacific sales caters to a specific  of people who know what they want . nntheir selection of builtin appliances and specialty fixtures farmhouse sinks etc are pretty good . if youre looking for viking thermador or wolf appliances this is probably the  to be at . they can special order pretty much anything from the brands that they do  . nnpacific sales also price matches except aj madison and other onlineonly retailers and they offer pretty good  on holidays and on some floor models . you have up to 3 months to cancel your order if not yet delivered . nnif you have a  kitchen in mind id try to  down to pacific sales on a saturday since thats the only day they keep  hours for the 95 employee .
__label__pos chicken was great a little pricy for a combo with  coleslaw and  but you   good food for the money . the chicken tasted fresh and was perfectly  . it also tasted very healthy . it wasnt  in  . will go back just for some  next time im in vegas .
__label__pos i wanted a tattoo of my  zoey . i did my research on local artists and decided on eddie . my research time really paid off because the work eddie did is nothing  of awesome the detail is   down to her whiskers.the coloring is spot on . he  captured her intangible  personality heart and soul . to say im pleased is a complete understatement . the whole experience was great.ni would not hesitate to  another tattoo from eddie or to highly recommend him . nthank you eddie jane
__label__neg worst experience with any mechanicauto repair shop in my entire life.nncalled location on a saturday afternoon explained that my brakes had been squealing and were now starting to grind . ramon the mechanic asked me to bring the car by that day for an inspection and estimate . i explained i was not able to bring it by before closing time so he offered to come into the shop on a sunday even though those were not normal business hours as they were closed on sundays . i agreed and he told me to be at the shop by 9am.nnarrived at 9am and he put my vehicle on the lift removed the tires and did his inspection . upon completion he gave me an estimate of nearly 1000 in repairs i explained to him that i would need to think it over and i definitely wanted to get a 2nd opinion at a different mechanic . nnhe then asked if i would call friends or family members to  for all the repairs and that he would take a payment over the phone . i explained that this was very last minute and frankly i was not comfortable having 1000 worth of repairs at the drop of a hat without getting a second inspection from a different mechanic . nnby this point he was getting very hostile and  . he told me he came in on his day off to check out my car and his employees were on the clock and that i should at least get the 99 front brake job done . i reiterated that i wanted to wait and shop around before committing to any work on the car . he began saying this whole situation was bullshit and that i needed the front brakes anyways and to just get the service . he then tried to tell me i had signed for the minimum service and i pointed out that i had only signed an authorization for inspection and the fine print clearly states it was for the purposes of an estimate only . i had not signed any service agreement nor had i agreed to service . i explained to him that i appreciated his time for checking things out on a sunday however i am the consumer and i am declining any service from you at this  and need you to put my  back in the condition i brought it in and let me think about my options.nnhe then proceeded to break several nevada consumer protection laws and bluntly told me well i am not going to do that i can leave your car on the lift as long as i want and leave it there overnight shut down the shop and  home . so what are you going to do about thatnni was absolutely stunned he was literally  me for money and would not let my car off the lift until i agreed to let them perform the 99 brake service . i called the police however the dispatcher kept telling me it was a civil matter and that the police would not be able to do anything about the return of my car the cops in vegas are just as useless as the mechanics apparently . i explained to the dispatcher no services have been done and that i had outright refused them so this is technically theft and i simply wanted to leave but she still said it was not a matter the cops could solve legally . great . nni sat in the shop for another 30 minutes hoping ramon would give . he did not so i finally caved and reluctantly had the service done and paid . i was starting to become concerned that him and his technician were  to start sabotaging my car which is another reason i gave in . his behavior postservice had of course done a complete 180 and he was all sunshine and roses again . nni honestly wish i had read the reviews before even calling these scam artists but they were literally located 2 miles from my home and i thought since i was just starting with an estimate which i have done at many other mechanics its a pretty typical thing i could get an idea of what to do after and make an informed decision.i am a cautious shopper and rarely ever jump at the first offer and always compare pricing and results with vehicles especially.nni left feeling completely violated like i had been held hostage and they got away with it . so i called corporate the next day and spoke to the just brakes marketing director they wouldnt take my call seriously until i explained that i would be proceeding with a civil case . when i finally spoke with the md he agreed to give me a refund of my money but also said i had the option of taking my car to another location and having free work done on the other repairs i supposedly needed . nni declined without  and told him where to send the check.nndo not give your patronage to this company . especially this location . they are corrupt unethical and downright criminal .
__label__pos i currently have the privilege of living right between two starbucks . this one located at patrick and fort apache as well as the one thats located at t enjoy their holiday drinks there currently have a creme brulee frappuccino or as a lot a quite excellentn i love this starbucks the people were friendly  smiling quite  to assist you i actually also enjoys a video chat when youre ordering at the drive thru it as a personal touch . they can get a little bit busy in the morning but they do move rather quickly . n the only thing thats a little bit disappointing as the parking lot is rather small and can get to be quite tricky when waiting in the drive thru line while others are trying to get in and out parking spaces .  of advice ... . just  yourself some room to  to maneuver forward or backwards.n im  their holiday drinks.n i highly recommend the caramel creme brulee its wonderful as a frappu00e9 and a  if you prefer  .
__label__neg warning worst overall service ever this place is the ultimate no every one star comment is unfortunately  and its so sad i went through ftd  . i bought the best for  for mothers day . i live in seattle and my mom lives in vegas . on mothers day some guy called saying he was lost he needed help locating the recipients address . he claimed he wasnt even an employee but a friend helping the  then when i stop what i am doing i am in a panic  that my mom wont get her bouquet i  to the computer to help him find it . he said wow thats really far uummm let me call my boss i thought you were a friend so he said he would call me back . he didnt so i called the number back and he said he would have his boss call me . she  called . i called the number on the business website and a personal voicemail answered . after spending all day on the phone with ftd ftd even trying to contact them no delivery no communication this place sucks .
__label__pos this albertsons is nice . nni find this store to be quite expensive as  to some of the other stores i have been to so i dont visit this one very much . they do have a free savings membership card you can get which you should that saves you some money . even with the membership card the prices are still high in my opinion.nnthis location is a large store with a lot of options when it comes to food so that part is nice . the deli is always well stocked with high quality sandwich meats and great cheese options . i love me some good cheese . they also offer a lot of handmade sides like egg tuna and chicken salads cole slaw ambrosia amongst many  . whenever i get an egg salad craving i make a beeline to this store to get my fix asap . oh and the  chicken here is divine the rosemary garlic flavor is delightful . i am drooling just thinking about it nni do also have to say that the bakery at albertsons make the best cakes in the valley . i have had many cakes from lots of bakeries around town and i think the cakes at albertsons are by far the yummiest one of my favorites is the victorian lace cake with raspberry filling . i have never seen it at any other bakery which is a shame . it is a  cake and tastes even better and yes i have  the big names like freeds and i still think albertsons has an edge on cakes . what can i say i love cakennthis store also has a diy usps office inside . this usps location is rarely busy and you can get your stamps or mail packages quickly here . they  keep it stocked with envelopes and boxes for you to use if needed . it is a great option to have and is much faster than the main post office for the area on tenaya . nnthis location also has a starbucks inside of it . yep you can get your caffeine fix and then power grocery shop . talk about efficient grocery shoppingnnthey also have a silver state school credit union branch inside the store . this is my bank so i am here a lot to do my banking . it is easy to deposit your checks and then swing by to pick up a cake from the bakery . yeahnnso if you need to do a lot of stuff  here and you can get your starbucks mail your packages get a car loan and  your pantry . now that is a serious one stop shopping event
__label__pos i  another mattress and decided to go back to best mattress because i was very  with my  experience at best mattress . the only  is that i went to another store closer to where i live . upon entering the store the salesman cameron greeted me with a friendly welcome . he was very helpful and knowledgeable and assisted me with choosing the correct mattress for my needs . i am very happy with my purchase and also with the great deal i received . i would also like to  the  guys were awesome they were on time and very friendly . i would highly recommend this store to  who is  for a mattress .
__label__pos infonone round of black light  golf 18 holesngeneral 8.50nstudents seniors military 7.00nchildren 3 and under free with paid adultnreplay play a second  the same day 4.00 nnmondaythursday 2pm10pmnfriday 12pm1amnsaturday 10am1amnsunday 10am10pm nni went here on a double date . it was thursday king putt date night so they had a bogo special going on . we paid less than 20 bucks for four people . awesome deal after you pay you get to choose the color of your ball and pick your club . i guess since im short everything just looks bigger to me because i ended up picking out a child size club and didnt notice until we were 13 through the game and someone said why are you bending over so far to hit the ball i quickly ran over and changed it no problem there just a few laughs . nnbefore this ive never gone cosmic golfing before so i thought it was so cool . everything was glowing under the black light even our teeth . it was kind of funny because i wouldnt be able to see my boyfriends face until he smiled or opened his mouth to talk . at the same time it kind of sucked because i noticed how much lint i had on my sweater there were neon green turtles orange octopuses blue gorillas a lion with a crown and jungle paintings on the walls . sounds pretty awesome right it wasnnthere are  holes and four of us so we were there for about 45 minutes or so . for less than 20 bucks for all of us we got to enjoy a very fun and different mini  experience . nntipsnmake sure you dont pick out a child size club like i didngo on a day when theres a special so you get an awesome dealnwednesdays family night . each member of the family will receive a 2 discount . just ask nthursdays date night . if you are on a date one person pays the other is free just ask nthis place is in the same plaza as create so you can grab some gourmet burgers when youre all donenmake sure you dont wear anything with some weird stains that will be detected with the  
__label__pos  is   is   is  .   special or stand out about it but delicious none the less .
__label__pos     but  was    james is epic at nail art and french tips highly recommend
__label__neg this place is a spot we have past for the last couple years and finally decided to give this bar a shot . when walking in there are two entrances one leads to the bar while the other goes to the sit down restaurant area . the menu has a mardi gras new orleans vibe.. however the food has nothing to do with quality louisiana cooking other than  . i tried the chicken finger appetizer with the  sauce which is basically blended habaneros and vinegar . the chicken fingers were 6.95 and came with 4 fingers two pieces of celery and two carrot pieces.. thats it .. not worth 6.95 ... . i then tried the fish and chips for dinner and it came with 3 small pieces of fish that were cooked fair fries that were very generic and godawful slaw . these were 7.95 and also not worth it . wife tried the mushroom burger which came with garlic fries .. burger was good and cooked medium and  were generic with tons of garlic salt on them . i tried the jambalaya and it tasted like perfume and was bland . nnoverall the food was very generic and the portions were skimpy and prices on some thing were not worth it . with that being said the drink prices are fair and not bad . i tried a bloody mary which  in a nice big glass and tasted good for only 2.50. the server did a   as she was running tables at restaurant side and also  . i would not give this place a 2nd try for food however i would think it was a good spot to grab a quick drink .
__label__pos my buddies back in california have been telling me for sometime about this joint called farmer boys . they keep saying how great it is and as a fast food connoisseur it was definitely on my list the next time i made it back there . well much like finding a five dollar bill in the pocket of your jeans i was driving down decatur in part of town i rarely roll to and lo and behold there was a farmer boys staring me in the face . waiting was no longer needed ... ..it was go timennthe place was epically busy during lunch which is a good sign . i ordered the farmer burger which is a half pound burger with cheese bacon and avocado got to go with the namesake and made it a combo . i duly paid up and when the transaction was complete i asked for my cup for a  the gentleman taking the order was  oh you wanted a combo i didnt ring it up as such . i said no problemo ill pay the difference but he was insistent that it was his fault and that hed take care of it . i felt bad and wanted to pay but he wouldnt let me so i put what it would cost me into the tip  . i thought that was a  albeit really unnecessary customer service gesture . not something you see too often in quick service restaurants anymore which made it all the more refreshing.nnas for the food the burger was outstanding . one of the better  food burgers i have ever had . the bacon was crisp the patty was large and full of flavor and the cheese was thick but not overwhelming . i struggled to finish the whole thing which is a rare occurrence . the fries were good but relatively unspectacular . i wish the fries were top notch because i would not hesitate to give farmer boys a 5 star ranking in that case . although there is hope . the menu is extensive and i have barely  the  with this matinee performance . when i make my return there is a pretty comprehensive looking breakfast menu which is served all day awesome and intriguing salad and wrap options too . so basically this 4 star ranking serves as my opening salvo while further visits will reveal the true  of this place . nnprices were decent especially considering the quality of the ingredients . service was friendly and the dining atmosphere was kitschy rustic farmy fun . i also respect that they rock the drivethru as well so if that reo speedwagon song im rocking too is just to good to turn off i can keep the party going without missing a beat . now if i can only figure out more reasons to go to this stretch of decatur ... ..
__label__pos really good burgers and  zucchini . there   is  good  most    spots .
__label__pos i went to this salon for the first time  this week and am so happy i did . koryn cut my hair and she is awesome . she was so friendly and  . i love my  cut the  is cute and  like that the chairs are  off  of on top of  another . i will absolutely be back to see koryn .
__label__pos amazingngreat food and  service.ngood delivery   was  and  .
__label__pos  nights  . highcount    towels a good air conditioning system that provides the right level of white noise for my tastes . nni also recommend the burger . it is as good as it gets for a char broiled burger and the batter for the onion rings is one of the best ive ever had .
__label__neg this  to be a five  rated facility for me but i will not utilize the service any further moving  . my vehicle took over an hour and 20 minutes to complete a basic wash.when i addressed to someone i was told that my car was  because the car in front of it was taking longer to clean . my car was already done . i paid 40 for a wash that shouldve only taken 10 to 20  at most . the  did not manage this situation  .
__label__neg  nonoriented .   in  to   are horrific . extremely overpriced for low quality producemeats . nsave yourself the trip .
__label__neg i moved to vegas about a year ago from california and  that this place was nice since it was cheaper than my carlsbad apartment . now i realize that its overpriced . you can rent a house for less than a manhattan or tribeca floor plan . its a gated community but everyone and their mother can get up in here since there is a simple generic gate code that everyone knows this includes the icecream truck that rolls in . there are a couple different entrances and the gate closer to where i live always seems to be stuck open in one way or another . if you stay up late you will see that weird shit goes on in the parking lot in   . i have a buddy in law enforcement and ive had to give him a buzz a couple times to see what in the blue  has been  on out here . the management when i first  here was good . then they changed management with no announcement and changed the website which prevented me from paying online . i had to go in the office and see what was up . they added a room with computers to use for residents in the rental office and the printer would always seem to have an issue . youre better off renting a house and saving hundreds a month . floor plan on the manhattan and tribeca are nice but stick with a house . preferably in rhodes ranch where gated community actually   .
__label__neg this place is supposed to come every 6 weeks to groom my dog . since april they have shown up  . there was no explanation for the lapses .   time the groomer came she was late for the appointment . they charged 75 for my labchow  . a local grooming  i  is  and only charged  for a better job .
__label__pos fast friendly  and great ice cream .  one  for price though 2 cups of    toppings was  and  .
__label__pos soooo i got really  at my now exagain and i threw the watch he bought me at him which ended up sliding on the ground ... ... a few times . now this wasnt a cheap  market watch this was a 150 vestal watch . it was an amazing watch nnluckily it didnt shatter this watch is def built tough so i venture down from my apartment and find this place . i  and its cool bc he has a remote door so he has to  you in . there were 3 people already in there all regular customers good sign i sit and wait very paitiently since i have no job lol . its finally my turn i tell him the story he  and  hell have it  in 15mins wow ok so i go next door and eat and come back . again he has a few people waiting this man must be the go to guy my watch was good as  the damage for my tantrum was 15 and of course i gave him a lil tip.nngo check him out if you need jewelerywatch repair parts and the whole 9
__label__pos the     .   and awesome  . weve split the porterhouse several times and its been perfect each time . the other steaks and sides are wonderful . not much else i need to say ... its 
__label__neg i had both a red tinga as  as a chili  gordita . i also enjoyed a large cup of the  horchata in las vegas . fresh and warm the gorditas were filling and good ... ..but not great . good for a quick  but there are much better options when looking for a  flavored spicy authentic  . the service was very friendly and the restaurant spotlessly   antiseptic .
__label__pos  nail salon in  vegas i  every  weeks . every tech is good whether your getting your  or  done . the manager is great she does  eye brow  .
__label__pos affordable and  1.75 for  shirts 4.50 for dress dry   original  .
__label__neg mechanics made my   when doing an  .  my  back from  but mechanics  to  me off .
__label__pos     . my     are the california burrito and pork burrito .
__label__neg i was a little disappointed with all night long . the initial impression was great . they were very timely and responsive to all my questions . i was very excited to have them dj my wedding at the platinum hotel especially after reading the reviews . i was under the impression that the dj i met with was to be our dj but he wasnt . i was told that the dj would come in and introduce himself to us and ask for any special request or changes to the evening prior to us making our grand entrance . he did not we had to send our wedding planner to  him . as he was making the announcement of each pair in our bridal party he started to announce us before he announced our maid of  and best man . the wedding planner had to run out an stop him before he said our names . right before he made the grand entrance announcements i told him that i wanted to have our first dance after the grand entrance . after the first dance i  him that i wanted him to ask all the guest to  us on the dance floor for a fun group dance . however after our  dance he asked everyone to step back inside the restaurant for dinner . i think the look on my face reminded him of what i had requested and he then attempted to undo what he asked the guest . they were so confused . half stayed while the other half went inside . we pad extra for uplighting to be placed outside . it was  so they placed it inside the restaurant . im a little bummed that we paid 200 to light up an already lit space . the songs i requested to play during the early hour of dancing he played during dinner . i had to ask him to play certain songs again later in the  because i knew how much my family would love to dance to them . there were a few songs that he played where everyone left the dance floor . instead of transitioning into the next song he let them play out . he did play one  that i placed on my no play list . we had 100 tip set aside for the dj . we chose not to give it to him .
__label__neg worst  on 1031 i have ever had . ordered eggs benedict with salmon for  dollars and received eggs  uncooked with canadian bacon . bought to their attention and   later received eggs benedict with cold  on an non toasted cold  . ugh
__label__pos the  is        .
__label__pos ive walked by this place many many times and finally decided to try it . im glad i did . they serve fresh chips and salsa . i  at the bar area and the  was fast . it was actually a little too fast . i got my order before i even got  to finishing the chips and salsa . thats really my only  . nnthe menu isnt huge and there are no combination plates but that wasnt a problem . i highly recommend the 3  tacos plate i got . it comes with rice and beans . nnthe waitressbartender was really nice . i didnt order any alcohol but someone near me was  a  and it looked big . nnif youre looking for vegan food they have a vegan menu . nni plan to come back here again sometime .
__label__neg oh  lord what an experience ... nnproblem number one is the front line staff does not speak english even to an average level . i placed a very simple  even pointing to the item on the menu and it  into a rendition of whos on first.nnafter some discussion a  employee stepped in he was  a polo so i am assuming he is leadership and the problem did not resolve . eventually my food was complete relatively close to what i ordered and i paid the rather large bill for 2 adults . the front endordering experience was absolutely horrible to the point that i would really avoid this business going forward and find a  qdoba.nnnow for the food i had steak tacos and the 3cheese nachos . excellent . great flavor savory tender all around good . good seasoning perfectly cooked . if i had even adequate service they  not get less than 4 stars.nnunfortunately they tarred and feathered me prior to the food experience so i probably wont be back to this location .
__label__pos alright folks i must confess first before you read my review of this place . i was about 3 sheets to the wind by the time i arrived here last night . we pregamed at first friday and moved on to fremont where we commenced the super bowl of drinking .  so now onto my distorted view of this place . nnwe had just walked away from the million dollar stack at binions and happen to see a sign that said 10 for a one topping  pizza and a 62oz pitcher of beer . can you repeat after me . say whatnnthe four of us walked in carrying our 2nd round of  footballs in with us and ordered the special x 2. you know how it works when your drunk you always seem a little hungrier than you really are . the waitress was awesome and put up with us with ease even after a friend that was with me fumbled his football and made a huge mess . nnthe atmosphere is summed up in one word  . nni was expecting a red baron frozen pizza from smiths or something but i have to admit even after drowning my taste buds in suds for the past 3  they sobered up and handled the great pizza like a pro . nnif you are at fremont and need to get some food and would like some beer this is the  to  it for cheap . i only took away a star for caution . my judgment may be off a little  to the beer . so dont hold me to it being amazing but definitely try it
__label__pos   and  stars.nnwe  a  of fundraisers for our group . groups receive 15 off . went on saturdays and sundays . avoid saturdays because it gets really busy . lots of kids running around . staff try to supervise as much as they can but i think its an accident waiting to happen . you can have a birthday party for your kids and order food from there or bring your own . works pretty well . nnkids will have a blast here .
__label__pos when i first brought home my new puggle puppy bailey i was so thrilled to have a dog in the  . the store that i got her from gave me a list of various vets in my area and said that if i took her there within a certain period of time i think it was a week or two for a checkup they would cover any sort of medication or treatment she needed.nnfamily vetcare was the only one on the list that was in ahwatukee so that is where we went . everyone was very nice to me and to bailey . there were pictures all over the place with people and their pets . then i started to realize that the people in the pictures were the same people working in the office . . . very coolnnat that first visit i found out my adorable new puppy had kennel cough and worms in her stomach . poor thing the gave us some medication all covered by the pet store and we were on our way . nnshe couldnt kick the cough so we had to bring her  for a nebulization treatment everyday for a week again all covered from the store  goodness . i would drop her off in the  on my way to work and pick her up on my way home . again the staff was very friendly and seemed sincerely happy to see bailey . really she is quite cute who wouldnt be excited to see hernni have been here several times now and the staff has been very friendly helpful and caring each and every time . i also used the boarding there once shortly after her treatments . i thought it would be a good idea since she new most of the staff and i didnt really have the time to shop around being a new pet  and all.nnthe boarding was fine however i have since learned that my little beaglepug mix has a lot of energy and does better with a fair amount activity during the day . that is when we found malindas for doggy day care and boarding.nnstill i am happy that the pet store pointed me in the direction of family vetcare . bailey and i have been satisfied customers for two years and counting.nnoh and for anyone that thinks i am a horrible person for getting my dog from a pet store i would just like to point out that even dogs in pet stores need a safe and loving home . it is not their fault where they come from . i still  her from that place and i would do it again .
__label__pos i didnt come here to party i came here to eat and my  buds thanked me for it . nits true what  v said about the employees distracting each other . but i dont expect good service in old town scottsdale and if youre smart you wouldnt either . it was sometimes hard to flag attention for a drink or even get an entree out with everyone elses food or within 15 minutes of everyone elses food . for some reason im looking past it . nthis food was really good . maybe because i hadnt eaten carbs like this in a long time they went into  but i thought my meal was topnotch . we started with the empanadas . it was like mexican pierogies . little deepfried pastries filled with beef and mashed potatoes made cheating on my healthy eating feel so damn good . i got the santa fe fettuccine alfredo with chicken and couldnt stop myself from eating it . it included my two favorite green things to eat broccoli and green chiles along with chicken and a delicious  . god help me it made me want to be a fat southwestern italian so i could eat this everyday and not feel bad about it . nwill i return you bet your  dollar for the food . i could care less about the barclub  theyre trying to throw down . they should just stick to what they do best and thats make food and serve it to hungry  like me .
__label__neg i can not give a 4 or 5 star rating for any junk food place such as mcdonalds . their food is not fresh but frozen so really the only  aside from food is the  staff etc.nnthis  is packed and understaffed . it was about midnight and i could see 2 people working behind the counter making the food . the manager was doing her best to keep the food coming out of the kitchen but  was short handed . napkins were empty and floors were sticky.nnthe food even tasted worse by mcdonalds  . just not a good experience.nni come to mcdonalds for emergencies only .
__label__pos yes i went there because of  rescue . beer was good  was great . the stout was tasty . bartender was friendly  . comped the first round because i through a 20 into the poker machine . more women than men hanging out there.nnall in all a nice clean place to  a drink and get  from the over the  vegas life and  more local .
__label__pos   had the   ...     . when staying at the aria this is a casual nobrainer .
__label__neg    from the     .  to show american hospitality at its worst to my international guests . walked away and went to the excellent spanish tapas place next door .
__label__pos great experience drinks are delicious but a bit pricy at 1416 per cocktail but it is  ... the lobster rolls were loaded with lobster   the roasted chicken pot pie was not your traditional pie the filling was too cheesy for my taste and the biscuit topping was  and lacking that flakey texture you expect . perfect place for large  . noysters are  and the house made  sets em off 2 eachnhostess seemed highly stressed was very short with us . our waitress however was very friendly and attentive .
__label__pos most people know them for their ice cream which i am pretty amazed by . they always have a vast  of flavors everything from basic to gourmet . of course they use those same flavors to make some amazing shakes but whenever i was hungry and between classes or stuck at the union i  my food at serendipity.nnthey have some pretty delicious yet basic food items . my all time favorite and go to is their hummus sandwich complete with a ton of veggies cheese and special thick slices of bread nonwhite . trust me it tastes so much better than it sounds . ive converted many a carnivore into loving this sandwich . their quesadillas are also pretty  . everything is made to  so you kind of have to stand in the middle of the busiest intersection of the union right by the front doors the computer lab and the  store and wait like an idiot for a few minutes before they  your name and bring you your bagged food.nnbut the toasted food feels just like a warm  from the very first bite . the only down sides are that their hours are so short they close early in the evening and are barely open on the weekends . sometimes i just got ta have my  fix
__label__pos i just returned from vegas for a holiday girls trip and the spa at  was one of our stops during our vacation . my travel partner works concierge at the spa at mandarin orientals dc location so she was interested and checking out the facility even though neither of us could spare the cash to splurge on a treatment here . this review is strictly for the facilities which i simultaneously found both incredibly impressive and disappointing . disappointing only because the spa lacks some of my favorite standard spa amenities like a jacuzzi they only had a warm vitality pool which was at least 10 degrees cooler than how i would run my bath and a sauna . to me use of the spa facilities are  the draw of visiting a spa even when i do book treatments so the lack of some of my favorite amenities was a bit of a bummer . that aside this spa has a lot going for it . the spa areas were immaculately clean attractively  in their design offered stellar views of the strip and had a lot of cool techy  like experience showers with  screen menus and the ability to turn on the jets for the vitality pool on a stationlounger by stationlounger basis rather than for the whole pool . their relation room is one of the nicest and most relaxing one ive  been in with plenty of beds  in front of windows overlooking the strip to rest in while waiting for your appointment or just to get some rest . finally i cant say enough good things about their staff . the service was top notch friendly and extremely attentive without being obtrusive . always there to offer you a towel a bottle of water or to fetch eye makeup remover for when the experience showers have  your eyeliner and youve neglected to bring your own . really top notch service .
__label__pos  cocktail  . underground atmosphere is really nice and the staff are   .  the selection of  but they are  on the sweet side so be  of a sugar rush
__label__neg it was decent but definitely would opt for  different  time im in vegas . nni ordered a banana nut muffin 4.50 and a banana 1.25. thought the prices were a bit over the top but hey its vegas . nnmuffin was stale and tasted like it was a  muffin .  top of that service was sloooow and it ticked me off that right as youre  your pin number the screen asks for tip amount you want to  . you cant enter 0 so you have to hit clear . it was awkward with the lady having to explain that to me . nngo somewhere else .
__label__neg first timers in our group and at least 2 or the 3 of us will not be back . we two of us arrived to the table our friend had already been seated at to hear the manager i presume say to her youre having a great time just by yourself arent you as he placed the  she had ordered on the table . after announcing ourselves we sat and soon after the server beth came to the table . honestly i had to check my receipt for her name because she never told it to us . since we didnt know our drink order right away we agreed she would return for it . at  10 minutes  she returns for what turned out to be our simple beer order . after we had selected our sushi choices for our meal beth verbally ran through the choices . after explaining that the rolls will all come out as they are prepared so we are not waiting our friend asks if the mango tango  can be put on a separate plate as she is  to mangoes . after clear confusion on the face of beth she stutters out i think we can do that . we were thrown by her confusion . as our first plate of rolls arrived delivered by someone other than our server we had no wasabi and no small dishes for our sauce on the table . the soy sauce pitcher on our table was almost empty as was the one on the table next to us . after about 10 minutes beth arrives to check on how our rolls taste and we inform her that we hadnt had any due to lack of wasabi and dishes . beth leaves to get those items for us and tell us to get started with the small amount of soy sauce we had left in our pitcher . the mango tango dish arrives and beths confusion was answered the mango was on the side . she had apparently thought we were requesting for the mango to be in the side instead of the meal on a separate plate from the rolls . after our meal was finished and we were chatting and enjoying our company drinking our beverages beth arrives and places the bill on the table telling us she will pick it up whenever we are ready . no mention of coffee or dessert . when we hadnt touched the check for 10 minutes beth checks in to see if its ready . when we told her we hadnt even looked at it yet she says if you would like to hang out and order anything else i can have another server assist you . i have been here since 10 and would like to close out your check . it was 9pm . after the looks on our faces expressed our disappointment with her attitude she attempted to back peddle and essentially ended up repeating herself and  sticking her foot back in her mouth . not to be insensitive at all i myself have been a server and a bartender in the past and i am all too familiar with pulling a double . and i have been stuck at work because of that last table that consisted of people not going anywhere . it wasnt that she wanted to leave it was the way she told  . i had just worked a full day myself and was about to do it again the next day in the  of a 3 week straight work schedule with 0 days off . once we paid our bill cash and card combo that again confused beth we added our gratuity and our meal was complete . but not before beth checked her tip while still very much in our range of vision . oh and the sushi mediocre at best and not worth going back
__label__neg heres a tip for the staff if you are going to pretend that the sushi is made fresh and you seat a party at the booth next to the sushi chef maybe the sushi chef should leave the prep area or someone should come in contact with him in between the time someone orders and the sushi is served . that and have the sushi not taste like it was made a week ago nor smells like a   at low tide . nnive had better and less  sushi at a gas station . nnthe waitresses pay more attention to  congressional  reform  than to the patrons the chef looks bored and the patrons appear more interested in being seen than any semblance of dining . and the food id rather lick the floor of the amc movie theater across the street . nnthat being said the iced tea was pretty nice . not that we got more than one refill ...
__label__pos great environment and fun  to go out on a date . las vegas and   are my  from here . sake bombers are also tasty .  dont get caught looking at the ultra   when you enter the restaurant .  when you are with your girl like i was lol .
__label__pos  bananas  .     fresh dipped and rolled in nuts found at fairs craft marts and festivals . nnprices are reasonable and they are   in front of you . high quality chocolate makes this my favorite
__label__pos    and   . nnyo 
__label__pos my husband and i love to brunch at rachels kitchen on the weekends . not only did they  and have tons of seating now but they also have an awesome outdoor seating area and live music on the weekends . it is a great little hang out place in the spring and fall when the weather is perfect . now on to the important stuff ... nnthe blueberry pancakes are my personal favorite and they come with a side of fresh fruit . my current  is the wilshire smoothie . their smoothies are a bit runnier and more juicelike than other places but they are still super tasty . they also have a great regular breakfast of eggs toast potatoes and bacon . the  seem to be oven roasted and arent greasy at all . thats the thing i  love about rachels kitchen everything is done with your health in mind . i have only had lunch here once and my sandwich was nothing special . the onion rings were delicious but there were only about 3 or  of them which was disappointing . nnthis is a great place to  and  a meal that you wont feel guilty about later so go grab a seat on the  and be serenaded while eating some delicious food
__label__neg this place deleted my last review . but you should all be warned before coming here so im rewriting a summary.nnworst doctor ive ever been to . the technicians  their hands on you  your  and it take the doctor 30 minutes to just sign a piece of  cause everyone that works for him is an  . i was literally there for 3 hours .  god my  has other places that i can go to cause i refuse to torture myself with this  place ever again .
__label__neg i have been a big  of richardsons since its old location and love it and its sister restaurants dicks and rockerij . the food is fantastic creative and always hot which is something i really like . went there today for lunch and the food did not disappoint . the service however was a different  . our waitress was not pleasant and   overwhelmed or just  . we would have had at least two additional rounds of drinks for the 5 of us but we had a tough time finding our waitress . even getting our water glasses refilled was tough . we actually had to go find someone it was so bad . we asked her for an additional silver setup which she brought but when we again asked for more water and if she could find our waitress so we could order more drinks we got attitude and the its not my section look . in addition to being non existent for most of the visit when she was around our waitress was really bity and showed no personality or interest in us being there . we were there for almost two hours to get through lunch and while the food was good its tough to enjoy when you cant even get a glass of water . lastly we ordered red beers and rather than charging us the 3.50 beer price plus some amount for a little hot sauce we got billed for full on  marys . not a big deal but didnt really seem right . we will ultimately go back but with their understaffed or just poorly trained  they missed out on an additional 70 in drinks from our table alone and probably one or two visits over the next month until we just cant stay  any longer . really hoping the next experience will be better .
__label__neg  . i cant believe this place has gotten such good reviews . the place was a mess.nnmy friends and i came here for  this morning and didnt even get water for the first 1015 mins we were seated . i dont know if this is normal or what but i dont consider that good service . we waited at least 30 minutes to be seated plus another 15 just for our  to be taken.nnthe food was good but just as good as any diner ive been to before including dennys . i will definitely not be coming back.nnnot only did we wait to be seated and waited for our drinks we also waited in line for about 20 minutes just to pay the  . the host was a silver haired woman that was so rude and asked us to move multiple times while we were waiting to pay our bill.nni just dont understand why everyone likes them . the only people i saw in there were 5060something  old tourists that were probably staying at one of the nearby hotels and didnt realize there were other options nearby.n  i said we wont be  back again .
__label__pos this years devoured phoenix was incredible i attended this event with two good friends and we had a complete  . i ran a  marathon on sunday morning and was ready to pig out throughout sunday afternoon . it was great to see so many friends all in one place enjoying amazing food samples from various  restaurants throughout the valley .  so many of the wines from many of the wineries here in our state . food wise i had so many favorites i cant even remember the samples or the restaurants . as for the wine my fave was  strongholds nachise . nnafter the event we took the  rail back to our  headed home and slept like a baby . thank you to the the phoenix art museum the organizers restaurants wineries and the amazing volunteers . i look forward to next years  cheers
__label__pos three hours after writing the last review the owner of  pizzeria email me . he asked my wife and i to give his restaurant another chance . he wanted the name of the waiter and said it shouldnt matter if you come in for a dessert or with a ten top the service was inexcusable . also he said that he would pick up our tab . not wanting a free meal just good pizza and a stab at good service we discretely went  twice . both times the  was 5 stars and the service was 4 stars . also the original server wasnt there . it is  to see an owner who actually cares . im am   about our first  but the zza has won us over .
__label__pos the  sin   is the best in vegas .  and not  food but   and  the price and the trip .
__label__pos i finally got around to checking slidin thru today . and i dont know why it took me so long hallelou i have seen the lightnnmy husband and i went here for lunch today while we were out and about . i tried the peppep and the buffalo soldier sliders . i really enjoyed them both but wished there was a bit more meat on each one . my hubby  the porky and the plain jane . i stole a bite of the porky and  didnt give the slider back because it was so yummy . i totally couldnt have eaten a 3rd slider but i didnt want to look like a pig  since my hubby only ate 2. the fries were really good too . they tasted like they were fresh cut and hot out of the fryer . yummy . take a bunch of napkins though . the sliders were saucy in a very  way and did kinda get all over the place . double yummy on the saucy slidersnni do think the prices are a bit high . for what we got on the sandwiches i think 0.50 less on each would be a more fair price . even with that i think we will be back regularly . the prices on fries and drinks were spot on though in my opinion.nnon a side note the place was completely empty our entire meal . even the drive thru  remained empty and not one car went through while we were there . we didnt really see the staff either . it was a little weird but when we did see them they were friendly helpful and smiling . i think if they were a little more present and didnt disappear for long periods of time it would improve the atmosphere of the joint a bit . i hope we just went during a weird  or something because now i am hooked and want them to stay aroundnnanother positive was a free slider just for checking in on yelp . now that is a great deal how i love free food
__label__pos i love that i can eat a burger smothered in goat cheese while listening to my favorite spoon album and other music you dont often hear out . the atmosphere is modern and  although the paintings of  black and white cows on the walls offer no reassurance when youre sinking your teeth into red meat ... just  . the service is good our waitress was great and very accommodating . one of the other servers was barely covered by her whyamiwearingtheseinwintertinywhiteshorts which i thought was out of place and icky in a food service  . the burgers were great the fries were ok but the  were definitely the  of the evening .
__label__neg second time at this place and the food is just lack luster as last time . the piled high nachos were dry as a bone and the chips were burnt the  amount of cheese they provided had solidified by the time they got to the table . the shredded  tasted of nothing and was dried the fk out how could they screw up such a simple dish . im trying to have a good time with friends and that  pile of nachos was too  to look at . i  them to take it back . i wont even get into the service it wasnt terrible but why bother.nnim coming to realize that mexican food served on the  strip does not do any one any favors . everyone thinks mexican food should be good priced fairly and served in an adequate portion . fast service and free chips and salsa are just par for the course .  segundo  never scores high in any of the categories . evernni heard of a happy hour and the bartender said its only outside at stripburger same company in the cold dreary rain . she actually recommended we sit outside in the cold rain by heat lamps whats wrong with people
__label__pos i first knew this property as the bank where you could park after hours to avoid the parking  at texaz grill . now they have their own parking problem and provide valet during busy hours . anticipating what turned out to be a non problem i parked in the underutilized lot on the southwest corner of the intersection.nni love the space . our group of ten was seated at a long table on the patio . this space can be open to the air or  or cooled as necessary . the main interior can be wide open or closed off from the patio . the patio area also has a second bar that can serve when they are busy.nni had the vigazz burger . the  was really good but i would hesitate to call it great . the sweet potato fries i chose were perfectly cooked . the bloody mary was  and the iced tea was  weak . i also had a chance to  the  i liked it but i thought it could be seasoned some more . most of us had portions that we either had to abandon or take home . nnthe service was great . the bathroom seemed a little weird they were clean enough the sink was a modern  design but they had old style folding towel dispensers . i would certainly go back here again .
__label__pos  down best place in town for authentic eastern european food . i can gladly  that the only  that can  with my babushkas  made pelmenies would be the ones served at la caverne . i  brought my  when she  from ukraine and she absolutely loved it . would recommend to everyone .
__label__neg i went on a wing night wednesdays . they have the best jumbo wings the sauces could be better though . however the  are terrible . all of them stood around on their cell phones and looked uninterested in servicing customers and there werent many of us here . kylee was our  and we only saw her twice . once to take our order and then to drop the check . a cook  brought us our food i observed her on her cell phone and  sampling sitting on the back bar top health code  btw the rest of the time . no  manager in sight . if you want to try the wings i would recommend  to a different  i usually go to the one in verona service is much better there .
__label__neg drink  are  however if they paid a bit more attention to the during the game crowd and not the pregame crowd entirely it  be workable the bathrooms are disgusting there is so  dust in the bathroom it is even on the walls not even sure how that  the pretzel was a combo of pretzelfunnel cakedonut over fried over  couldnt even entertain ordering any sort of food based on first impressions . all thats said service was good and bloodies were decent
__label__pos best  fast  in the valley . dont go to other salsitas expecting what you get here at the 16th st  . this is the best one we eat here waaaay to much to be unbiased just so you know ... ..nnbean burritos cheese quesadillas and  shrimp burritos are our staples . make sure to  guacapico on your  ... thats what they call it . and we think the day cook is better than the night cook but they are both very good.nnthe inside is a fun divey middle of the night and your kid still isnt asleepfriendly kind of place . salsa bar and homemade frescas round out the filibertos style menu .
__label__pos they  the same fresh square   and serve the same genius coffee as others owned by jonathan sharp  wellington project coffee . with kilimanjaro you get the fab  with more of the relaxed hub  of nicholson street in contrast to the suit meets designer gear of  street which is still fab of wellington .  also has a couch to slouch into ...
__label__pos  a good    in  nngreat flavors love the cake batter friendly employees  topping selections love the fresh fruit and inexpensive.nnso delicious i will definetely be back
__label__neg the service was good but the food was  .  were frozen and  . they looked gray . steak was not   and they did not even offer a  one . i  not  this place .
__label__neg this place is one huge scamnni am so unbelievably disappointed with my experience here . it has been nothing but a huge nightmare.nnthey have made empty promises to me over and over from day one.nnif you care to read on as to why this was such a horrible experience here is my email to the gyms manager briannnhi briannni have been having a complete nightmare of an experience with your gym as of late . i spoke with stacy today and she told me that it would be best to come down and meet with you on monday or tuesday and that i should let you know what is going on.nnback in june i came into golds gym and was interested in a membership . danny was the one helping me out and  me what memberships were  . i explained to him that i was under a pretty strict budget and would definitely not be able to commit to a year long contract as there was a good chance id be moving . so he told me that what he could do for me was that as long as my first 2 payments so my first month went through no problem which it did that my contract would turn into a month to month contract . he took my credit card info and then proceeded to tell me the rules of the gym one of which included a rate lockin fee . i immediately said there was no way i was going to agree to this and that it was not okay that he brought this up after taking my credit card info . i told him it was a deal breaker and i was ready to  out . he then said he would be able to waive that fee for me no problem if i would sign up . he then said he would get in contact with corporate and get the whole month to month thing taken care of and then he would send me some sort of confirmation email regarding this . i never received one . i suppose this was the first sign that it was a lie . come august i receive word that the owner of the home i was renting was selling it so we were being forced to move . so in september i called in to cancel my membership . i was told that i would need to call corporate but they told me i was still in a 12 month contract and would need to speak with the salesman that set me up . i finally get a hold of danny and he  to remember me and says it will be no problem to get my membership cancelled . even though im pretty angry that he had lied to me i was happy that it was supposedly going to get taken care of . then in october i see that my account was charged 51.47 and am pretty outraged that this large amount got deducted when i thought my account was cancelled . i called to speak with danny and he explains to me that this was the rate lockin fee that he had told me he was going to waive not only this but had he cancelled my account when he said he would i never would have gotten this charge in the first place so ive been speaking with danny almost every day hearing his promise of getting my money refunded the portion that does not include my last 2 weeks payment over and over and over . he said it would absolutely be in my account today at 9am . of course it was not . again . and then when speaking with stacy today i find out that my account is still open . whatnnbrian there are so so many problems with what is going on here . i am not sure if this is one huge lie or simply incompetence . i have never ever had a worse experience with a gym than this . in fact i have never had a worse experience with any company . nnin speaking with danny he does not at all deny the fact that he made these promises . if he tells you otherwise perhaps you can refer to phone call recordings and  how many times he says he is not sure what happened and has assured me that everything would be taken care of . this man remembers  single persons name in the gym and i guarantee that he remembers these false promises he made me . nni am not pleased that i will have to drive from tempe to downtown phoenix in rush   immediately after work but if that is what i need to do to get this taken care of i will . nnstacy mentioned that you were sick so please let me know what day will work for you to meet . i will be off work by 5 so i will probably be able to get there by 545 or 6pm on monday or tuesday.nnthank you .
__label__pos its really hard to trust  when  with your car . they either upscale you or try to sell you things that you dont need . joe was  and honest with his price . his work is worth the  spent . as with other  on here i would highly   window tint for your  tinting needs . thanks again joe .
__label__neg this wasnt the worst buffet ive been too but its got a spot  the  . we took the tour bus trip and gn is one of the stops . needing lunch we thought it best to eat at the hotel since he bus comes  every 45  or so . we found the buffet not a line not too   . i paid with my credit card and was seated . ill get back to the credit card later . the food was ... ok. it was food . we were  to not starve but it was a step above cafeteria food the kind you were dished up as a kid . but it filled us up service was great . later that  i checked my statement and 2 was added to my total . so im thinking someone wrote in a 2 tip on the tip line . because i know the price of the buffet i know what i authorized and i was charged 2 more . i didnt call i didnt make a big deal out of it . i just thought it was lame . want more tips work harder . much better food in lv for the price never again .
__label__pos  une atmosphu00e8re un peu british et des serveurs  parlent mal le franu00e7ais vous  bruncher souper u00e0 ce restaurant . il y a mu00eame une terrasse u00e0 larriu00e8re lorsque vous  prendre un peu lair . nnjai essayu00e9 le mexican breakfast mu00eame si cest british et je nai pas u00e9tu00e9 du00e9u00e7u
__label__neg  again .  up you can  better food at home i promise .  if that means making a cup of ramen . yes . unfortunate . the food is bland lackluster and theres just no  . they dont seem to care about whats on the plate . im pretty sure my salad was one of those premixed deals from a  bag . the homemade lox was okay .  it was pretty tasteless and forgettable . ah this is so harsh the place was busy so it was likely an area favourite but this could also be because theres not much choice around . otherwise the interior is cute and quaint . theres a tv on the wall playing local television . dear management get rid of that .
__label__pos best solution in  for mid century items . they have an ever  but always diverse  of finds . you have to act quick if you find something you wantnnthe prices are   the condition they typically have repairedreupholstered any items on the floor and theyre usually willing to work with you a bit on the price.nnwindow shopping this place on a  basis is a lot of fun customer service can sometimes be hit or miss but ive never had major issues . they even helped me by driving some pieces over to my house that wouldnt fit in my car
__label__neg after reading all the good reviews on  we thought we would give it a try . i have to admit i was very underwhelmed.nwe got the 4 cheese penne which just looked like they have taken cream and  it over pasta and then  with a few sprinkles of parm cheese . it had almost no flavor . the  is also much smaller than i would have  for 12.50.nwe  got the baked rigatony with chicken and it had a very odd flavor . i couldnt put my finger on what it was but i really didnt enjoy it at all.nprobably the best part of the dinner was the bread which had a nice  topping . it was nice and soft and fluffy.nim glad we tried it but i we wont be going back .
__label__neg i dont know if it is just me but i seem to have bad experiences 9 out the  times i  here . nnthe location is extremely crowded no matter what . the staff is not helpful not friendly . i think the biggest issue i have is the lack of  stocking . i know not all walmarts will carry certain online items but  ive been bit by this a half dozen times here i mean what the hell is the point of a superstore if i can never find my item in the store nnthat said the venue itself is  decent and it is somewhat organized . overall i would say it has  to be   than it is .
__label__pos i know this place is a chain and all but my god are their subs delicious . specifically this location for some reason seems to get it  every time . i have never had a bad  here now this location specifically is located in a great place because hundreds of people pass it  . every lunch time its packed .  packed some   time packed . its great . this place is always clean the staff is incredibly  and super fast with making the sandwiches . my favorite the cole turkey . extremely bad for you but you know what this place is well  it . great ... now im craving it ... welp i guess its capriottis time
__label__neg beanscene should be one of the best  in edinburgh city centre to catch up with friends . it has live music several nights a week a great central location and  comfort food such as nachos and pizza to go with your coffee or smoothie.nnunfortunately it doesnt quite live up to what youd expect . unless you want greasy fast food then its not a   to go for  or dinner . if its a coffee youre after youll  much better value for money across the street in the grind  or even  . likewise if its a live music venue youre after then there are plenty more in edinburgh that arent quite so cramped and chaotic.nnbasically by trying to be too many things at once it ends up being neither . its clean staff are generally friendly and pleasant and it is in a good location but still it just doesnt quite work .
__label__neg i used to be a fan of the deli but not anymore . while the food is good the  is just idiotic and completely disrespectful . youll wait at the counter for 15 minutes while 3 employees ignore you and are too  catching up on their tasks forgetting that a customer is not a disturbance but the reason for their job . na bad  could  into a positive one with one and only small gesture let me know it will take a while or take 1 minute to take my order so that i know youre not just wasting my time . what makes others order so much more important than mine that you can not even talk to mennthis is not the  time that this happened ... it just gets  each time ... enough to  it off my list of good places . ill just go down the street a few blocks to roma  instead .
__label__pos a great  for breakfast . go early and sit on the patio for a wonderful experiance.nthe food is very good made from scratch . the omlets are  the verde pork in the ranch eggs and phoenix  is superb and of course the pecan encrusted french bread is too die for the only thing i would change are the breakfast potatoes . theyre shredded and kind of bland . the groves try to use local growers for the menu which i think is the way to go and im sure they could find a more interesting local product . our waiter jon was very personable and graciously substituted a fruit cup for the biscut.nall in all the groves is doing just about everything right and i think its wonderful to finally have a local eatery that doesnt have a drive thru .  luck i know ill be coming here as long as they are  .
__label__pos thanks to all you reviewers i found shampoo ink on yelp ... .and so glad i did kelly transformed my flat  uberlong 1 length dark blonde hair into a work of art with bright blonde and purple highlights ombrestyle with long  and sideswept bangs . she even styled it for me for an event i was going to the next day . my hair got lots of compliments . kelly was  with the color cut and style . she took her time and stayed an hour after closing to make sure i was thrilled with the result . she gave me lots of  for  and maintaining the health of my hair . she was a lot of fun to spend  hours with and very professional . the cost of everything she did to my hair was an absolute steal . the vibe of the salon is creative and artsy  being impossibly hipster . i loved every part of my experience . ill definitely be 
__label__pos ballys has nice rooms and a decent casino  though a little outdated the casino is  host to the show jubilee which is great albeit waytotopless . it connects to paris hotelcasino by a  of shoppes and is  by the same man.nnthe valet is slow and often full but the selfpark is a viable option for providers in a rush . nnthere is no security at the towers . oh another great  is that  of the rooms have bidu00e9essp making it  for people who are there to engage in consensual greek fun .
__label__neg first let me say that im a bit grumpy about las vegas in general . but this is about the hotel at ballys . we stayed in the indigo tower . im assuming this hasnt been renovated recently . not sure . it didnt look run down . but the features of the bathroom and the lack of convenient electrical outlets reminded me of bygone eras . the room was clean . but there was a scent of mildew so i could tell thered been water damage . the shower is a bathtub with a shower curtain . ugh . they really need to install a proper shower . there is no fan in the bathroom so the things you dont want in a bathroom linger . humidity smells etc . the air conditioner blasts air loudly and forcefully into the room . its very uncomfortable to have cold air blown over you periodically through the night . the bed was fairly comfortable with the exception of the pillows which were like  balls . it was very difficult to sleep with my head bobbling around trying to stay on top of the pillow without sliding off . there were three pillows on the bed and all three were terrible . the outlets in the  were not located with the modern traveler in mind . i travel with a little power strip so we can plug in our phones near the bed . but if i hadnt had that thing they would have been on the floor far away from either bed because they didnt leave any accessible outlets near the bed . i had to move the bedside table and unplug the alarm clock in order to plug in the power strip . nnthe elevators were clean and fast and quiet . very good for a tall hotel . the hallways were clean bright and wide . the vending machines were irritating . i had to go to four different floors to find one that would take 1 or  bills . im not going to put a credit card into a hotel vending machine . ever . and a few of those said bills only and then wouldnt take them.nnthe housekeeping was competent although not very detailed . nncheckin was a bit ridiculous . it shouldnt be that slow to check people in . hell you could do it with an automated system . if an airline can check you in on your phone in two minutes  a hotel could manage to do it in 5.nnthe food court has comfortable  . the hotel signage is good . the staff seems  . i didnt eat at the restaurants except for the food court . nnthe price of wifi is outrageous considering you have to pay  device . its not unreasonable that a couple might have two phones and a laptop or tablet . so that would be nearly 40 a day . thats unreasonable .
__label__neg this is a gloopy mess steam   .     .  your 
__label__neg what can i say just not impressed . for all the hype ive heard about this place and numerous good reviews i was just disappointed . nnlet me start with the good . i went here for a friends birthday dinner . my friend and i showed up early before the  of our group . we sat at the bar and ordered drinks . heres the good our bartender was incredibly attentive and funny . my friend doesnt drink much so he gave her a hard time but it was all in good fun . he was very  about our tastes in alcohol and eventually he made me a very tasty cocktail which i enjoyed . he also made some shots for myself and my friend didnt charge us very nice of him . i also asked him to make a drink that was purple . based on the fact that my friend who was having the birthdays favorite color is indeed purple . he obliged . so basically the  stars in this review is all for that particular bartender . wish i remembered his name.nnlets get on to the bad . this place is supposed to be americanized tapas i guess . when we were sat for our party the waiter took awhile to come around . he took drink orders but then took forever to come back to take our food order . also there was a hubbub about the all you can eat special . some people at our table wanted to do the all you can eat and some did not . the waiter refused to let us do that . ridiculous . just because my friend wants to do allyoucaneat and i do not does not mean you should refuse someone . they acted like we were going to take off the plates of the other people who were having allyoucaneat . we even explained that we were locals and we felt it was kinda unfair treatment . we all ended up just ordering without the all you can eat.nni had the fish tacos which were bland and boring . they came with shredded lettuce and a small bit of pico de gallo . nothing else not even a  sauce or sour cream . i also had the pbj which i felt was okay but nothing to rave over . i think the best thing there was the bread they offered before we got our meals.nnif you want tapas in las vegas go to firefly . at lest youll get real tapas with decent portions and you wont be made to follow their silly rules which i  are probably made up there because they know tourists will abide and probably just decide that everyone will do the ayce even if someone in the party doesnt want to.nnif youre looking for good cocktails and youd like to see a bit of a show they do  than js may be good but go somewhere else for tapas you will be happy you did .
__label__pos have eaten at this place a few times now dinner and sunday brunch . really friendly service . each time for dinner our  have been very knowledgable about the menu wines  which is a plus as im not an expert on  cuisine . have not had a  meal yet . further the brunch on the weekends is a  way to start the  recovery  .
__label__pos lovely   with   . nni  coming here for eggs benedict with ham it is simply the tastiest i have had in edinburgh and one of the better ones i have had in general . nice hollandaise sauce with creamy texture and a very well measured hint of lemony sour taste that makes it great . poached eggs were cooked very good with nice runny yellow that brings the breakfast bun ham and sauce together . ni also had the pancakes and they were delicious . nfor desert i had the sugared donuts which had a nice hint of cinnamon .  also came here once for dinner and they served a  duck breast specials dish which i thought was very good . nnit is small quiet and comfortable . the service is kind and very attentive . nlacks parking spaces so either cycle or walk to avoid any delays . nnprice is reasonable but on the high side to be fair you do get your moneys worth . nni also liked the homey decoration and the pictures they have hanging on the walls which are sketches of famous people throughout history . nni recommend this place as a saturdaysunday brunch great way to start a relaxing day . nnenjoy .
__label__neg just blah . we went down here one night late for something to eat werent overly  . my boyfriend  ordered dessert the krispy  ice cream sandwich who could not love this that got two  up . i ordered the corn soup which was actually not half bad spicy and  but the deep fried pickles ... .oh dear . they were gross and greasy . limp and slimy i peeled off all the breading patted down the pickles with a napkin and ate them like that . overall for 32 with tax and  it was  not worth it . could be just the late night hour but the other reviews for this place dont seem like anyone else has overly enjoyed it . id say save your  and find some yummy place on the strip to eat .
__label__neg worst  in arizona can not get waited on and  very  . drinks are  but cheap . dirty ashtrays  . this   not survive outside of the  .
__label__pos best  in vegas if you love to eat nearly  with no rewards card but if you do its 5 off . there are lots to  from and 2 require you to pay an extra  for those.nni tried out the buffet in paris harrahs the quad planet hollywood and flamingo . nnparis is perfect for breakfast . get there before 9 or else its packednnplanet hollywoods was very good as  . lots of choices from middle eastern to asian to mexican.nnharrahs was pretty good too . they seemed to have the best desserts in mynopinion . nnflamingo was soso . food was nothing special with the exception of the chocolate fountain . nni didnt  try the food at the quad.ni didnt think it was open at the time since there were barely any people in it food just looks bad
__label__neg i really  to  this place a better rating i really did . the food at kings kitchen is  though a tiny bit pricey and the restaurant seems to have a really great purpose . however after the treatment we got on our anniversary i doubt id ever go back . my husband and i went to the restaurant to celebrate eleven years of marriage . we were expecting a special event especially after reading all the glowing reviews . what we got was a waitress who treated us like dirt while treating her only other table at the time like old friends . nnwe sat at our table and when we saw a woman roll her eyes as she stared our way i whispered to my husband oh man . i hope shes not our waitress . she looks like she hates us already lucky us here she came . she said nothing about specials gave us no suggestions had to come back to hear our drink orders twice and all we ordered was tea . and ten minutes later when a couple of women sat in her section across from us we got the jealous privilege of watching her gush all over these ladies telling them in detail the specials and what came with them which dishes were  and even telling one of the women to try a dish she had told five minutes earlier me was sold out . what and while our appetizer sat on the counter where we could see it she held a tenminute conversation with these ladies about the  they were attending and oh my gosh were all from the same hometown what a coincidence lets talk some more after that the loud plunk as our appetizer was carelessly thrown on our table was audible throughout the restaurant . before we could  request a refill on our tea she was gone back to finish the conversation our appie had so rudely interrupted.nnwe didnt get our food for forty minutes during which time we got to watch our neighbors who arrived fifteen minutes after us dig into two plates of deliciouslooking food . by the time we got our tepid but delicious meals we had already been in the restaurant for an hour and twenty minutes and we were actually feeling like nuisances . we honestly should have complained to a manager but we had to get to our other anniversary plans . if i had it to do all over again i would have said something . as it is theyve lost us as customers . if im going to pay that much for dinner id like to be treated like a human being at least . nnthe  thing is the ladies and that waitress had more than their hometown in common and though id hate to think prejudice came into play it seems to be a very plausible possibility . i just dont know why a woman who is so friendly to other people could look at us and decide we were worthless scum without knowing us . but thats what happened . the difference in the way they were treated and the way we were treated was astoundingly obvious .
__label__pos  out my  burger  i didnt   to eat  until this   my life .
__label__neg my friends went on and on about how  this place was . they saw this air on t.v . and have been fans every since . so i agreed to meet them there . they have some very bizarre policies that you should know about . first when i walked in i asked to be put on the wait list . they do not put you down on the wait list until all parties have arrived per policy . so had to wait for their  . meanwhile the place was cramped with people waiting to be seated . i witnessed many people come in and leave because of the  minute wait its 1pm mind you . we were seated and some guy comes up and slams waters down in front of us and leaves . he spoke not one word to us . i was shocked and starving . finally another waiter comes by and takes our order . i ordered just a regular bachi burger and asked for a  to be cut in half . by policy they do not cut the food for you but theyll bring you a knife . what kind of place is this the burgers finally come out and i was very disappointed . the outside of the burger was almost charred the inside very dry . plus it wasnt served with any fries . you have to order those extra wow . would have been nice if the server had told me that when i was  . the food was overpriced . a lemonade was 4.00 theyre trying to be this snobbish burger  when really its not all that . seriously i will never go there again . oh and by the way their waiters are rude and dont even talk to you . i looked on the receipt and now i  why . because their tips are included . they feel like theyre  tipped regardless so they can treat you however they please . i do not understand why people think this place is so great .
__label__neg dont waste your time.nntons of great reviews  me to try this overpriced burger joint . i should have known from all the reviews from tourists saying they  here from the strip . i  if youre used to boring  food in  casinos this place is a step up but with so many great choices in green  just 5 minutes away this place doesnt even make the bottom of the list of places i like to eat . i wont be back.nnthe oxtail chili cheese fries meh ive had better . whats all the hype mediocre chili heavy on the beans and light on the meat . fries were run of the mill boring fries and the jalapenos not spicy at all.nnmy wife had just a plain burger with mayo and onions for 16. she liked it but it definitely was not a 16 burgernni had the shogun burger ... it was gross . i removed the overly sweet pears and it was moderately better . not a 26 burger for sure . way too sweet ... nnbut that seems to be the recurring theme every single thing on the menu it seems has a sweet flavor . so if youre craving a juicy meaty  burger avoid this place .
__label__pos this  lived up to its reputation . busy atmosphere and unique  .  down the most unique  ive  eaten and  in the  10 best burgers ive eaten . will be back for 
__label__neg the food from here is outstanding i ordered a pizza from here tonight and was told it would take 20 minutes i left my house 15 minutes later and upon arriving at the store i was told my order would be ready in 15 minutes probably had not even been put in the oven yet . after waiting  more minutes i was told my order would be  in 2 minutes . the  was full of people waiting on their orders too one   there ahead of me and was still waiting when i left . another customer had  if a military  was available and was told no its hard to believe that in the state of affairs the world is in some businesses still do not recognize the  our military has made to our well being .
__label__pos  kuru is super kawaii an absolute overload of cuteness . its a gift shop selling predominantly baby presents such as handmade toys quirky bibs and little  sets so if you have  or family with new arrivals this place is a  stop shop and youll be able to  up something with a little bit more character than the mass produced items in  street kids shops.nnas  as gifts for tots they also have a good selection of stationary and various other accessories . i really like their momiji collection and on my  visit i spotted a peculiar looking cushion in the shape of an owl definitely a must have i guess like most gift shops they items in here serve an ornamental function rather than any kind of functional purpose but i love receiving this kind of stuff as a gift.nnoverall a great little shop bright and airy and even though its quite small i could spend quite a while browsing through all the wares .
__label__neg fast food  to    . places  chicken cottage see to that . cheap chicken that in life was so far removed from its natural environment and filled with so much crap we can hardly say it was alive enough for us to kill it . top that off with some extra grease sugar and salt and youre onto a winner . thats why it tastes good after all.nni suppose the appeal of chicken cottage is that its so convenient and relatively cheap . im glad these  havent taken off in the same way here as they have in the us where getting a chicken meal is actually cheaper than making your own food to the detriment of the poor . i didnt even find the interior of chicken cottage very appealing it was quite dirty and not particularly welcoming.nnif you want quick cheap stomach filling nay bursting food and you dont really care where your  came fromwhere its going then  cottage might still have some appeal .
__label__pos chef  never seems to fail at being the person so courteous at all times let it be just  and saying goodbye to us we always feel that  . the food is always onolicious  the kalbi or  chicken or fried saimin with teri beef on the side . it brings that old saying broke da mouth the loco moco needs no explanation but damn good anytime i need the feel of being back home in hawaii or making an excuse to get to the north side of town there is no way we can pass up the grinds here . also if youre in the need for some wicked poke its just a walk down the sidewalk . mahalos to the gang at 808 mixed plate for bringing that perfect and most of the  better than back  mixed plates and specials of the  . dont stop making the mean kine desserts too
__label__pos  porkkimchi soupnnbbq ribsnnspicy mozzarella chickennnkimchi pancakes
__label__pos ahh yes this place keeps my soul young . this time the music is a few decibels too loud for my taste but others  to get more energy from it . in spite of its young  eclectic vibe service remains overly attentive ... sometimes having 2 or 3 people ask if everything is ok as you have a big wad of kimchi in your mouth of course i give a nod and satisfied smile.nnwe ordered different items from our first visit . except my husband couldnt resist getting the dumplings again a  because you get six huge  for 5 bucks or so . its a good value so it the rest of their  . nnthe bo ssam is my new  ... a perfect low carb meal . radish kimchi braised or maybe steamed whole napa cabbage leaves and steamed pork belly . it was big enough for 3 as an appetizer or hearty enough for one for dinner with a little over for a delicious  the next day . my husband ordered the ramen which is only 5 and is large enough to fill an average size belly on its own ... if noodles are your thing . however while the broth may be kimchiish flavor the noodles are just like the nissin packets not like a sora or monta ramen . nnprobably a solid well prepared tasty meal could be had for as little at 10 here . nthey really have a special thing going on here it is worth the drive .
__label__neg i got 3 strikes at  hence ... im out strike  not very vegetarian friendly . strike 2 they have all the necessary items to make nachos but when asked if they would make me nachos i got a very quick and blunt no . strike 3 when forced to  a meat dish and request they not include the meat the most expensive ingredient not only did they  no  to substitute the meat with maybe beans or guac or extra cheese they still charged full price i dont want to  meat and i sure dont want to pay for it . nnand as far as the food well they got that part right for a place that serves fine fast food when you ask me how my  was my response would be fine .
__label__neg so my party and i went to liquid on the first tuesday they were open this season . first off the security at the  didnt even know the day club was open . the staff at liquid seemed nice but there was a total of 8  excluding my party at the club . they have plenty of lounge areas amd  for a busy day but having to spend 65 dollars for a pitcher to reserve a lounge area  a unexpectedly small  didnt  seem worth wild .  on a weekend in  season it would be a cool day club but it just wasnt for us when we went so we left after 10 minutes .
__label__pos i found umbrella movers through the uhaul website and im so glad i chose them from the list al and nick showed up half an hour early knocked on the door to make sure that  was ok and immediately got to work . they were polite professional funny and very  of the sensitive nature of my move  from a breakup . they never dawdled but kept moving all the time they also did an amazing job jengaing my belongings into the rather small uhaul truck i had  . just when i was losing hope that it would all fit they found a place for every box and piece of furniture safely and securely their  was extremely reasonable and when i went a half hour over they only charged a prorate not a full hour like some moving companies would . i was thrilled with my easy move and would   umbrella movers again and recommend them to anyone who wants a smooth moving experience .
__label__pos we have a friend who brews his own beer and the man and i have been talking about how cool it is for aaaaaaaages . we kept saying someday well have a house and will have space to brew our own beer for cheapnwell that someday is here . nnwe now have our own house complete with a summerhouse in the back garden which is perfect for beer brewing exploits . nnmore importantly we have a mortgage . mortgages are expensive . we are  doing up said mortgaged house and consuming copious amounts of cool refreshing lifeaffirming beer at the same time . nnin comes alba homebrew . i was drawn in when i saw their sign on the corner which says  enticing like beer for as low as 19p a pint nni popped in to have a poke about and was greeted by the owner who is incredibly knowledgeable and incredibly nice . he would be  to chat for hours about making beer sterilizing equipment good beer kits etc . i decided to buy a starter kit which is just about u00a380 and gets you everything you need to brew batch after batch of beer including a  kit of your choosing and 40 bottles . i was all set to go when he asked have you brought your car er no . thats ok i can hold the kit two boxes of bottles and one tub of brewing goods for you until you can bring the car this weekend er the driver of the car is the birthday boy . oh right well then do you live close i can just drop it off on my  home on satuday.nseriously ni was impressed . mega impressed . this guy works every day in his store and after his work day is over hes willing to bring a kit round to a customers house to help them out . he could have charged for delivery he could have charged to ship he could have held on to the goods while i took three trips to pick everything up but he didnt . nni  wont be buying homebrew goods from anyone else .
__label__neg i have eaten at the restaurant before and the food was decent . i decided to get delivery from them . what can i say very very disappointed first time i ordered i asked  to be a 10. yes i love spicy food . it was maybe a 5. i  delivery again and  them i wanted it spicier then a 10 ... what did i get i got a 0. no spice in anything . bland central the  on the phone said she was going to pack extra chili sauce and there was  ... all the food was a 0 on the spice  . very very  . i guess i will be going back to  noodle house down the street from them where they do make it spicy when u request it .
__label__pos hang with me here ... .. i had a  paleontology class in college . our professor  discussed the lack of evolutionary changes in crocodilian species over the course of millions of years while other species have evolved all sorts of other features . he basically said its not possible to do what they do any better . a  brain means theyd probably lose jaw muscle .  body size means theyd probably lose some of their ability to  up on prey . over the course of millions of years these things would be a big deal . point being  havent evolved because theyre perfect as is for what they do . well for what it is which wich does a perfect job.nntons of options all  customizeable fairly fast service high quality ingredients  capabilities inexpensive friendly staff that arent afraid to interact with their customers etc . perfect lunch spot . it can get crowded obviously a good problem to have so come during off hours or plan on getting it to go .
__label__pos our family loves sushi san . it is a very nice  with table booth and sushi bar seating . nice woodwork typical of a sushi bar . the food portions are very  and they like to provide freebies that they call service . pricing is very reasonable you  for the sushi not some guchi atmosphere . the owners jane and chef eric are super friendly . this is just great conventional sushi they  have a nice menu of cooked  too like  teriyaki . i  recommend it . our  eats there 23 times a week sometimes .
__label__pos whilst i do agree that nandos is little more than glorified fast food to stick it in the same bracket as kfc is going a bit too far . at the colonels place biting down on a pusfilled  is more or less par for the course as is finding a cockroach or two in your chips but  are much higher at nandos . nnseeing them chuck a whole chicken on the barbeque is a buzz in itself and when you get it delivered to your table drenched in the   theyve got the messy tables and roughlooking punters all  irrelevant.nnthe meats of fantastic quality well cooked and just a joy to behold really . for about 9  youll get half a chicken plus a couple of sides preferably garlic bread and periperi sprinkled fries and youll stroll out that door pretty satisfied .
__label__neg i came here during the mtl u00e0 table festival a festival that allows foodies to try out new restaurants at a fraction of the price . i was looking forward to this since ive been here before but only to have a drink . i started out with the bison tartare which was very tasty . its after that that things started to deteriorate . we waited 45 minutes for our  course and when i spotted the  with our dishes i said to my friend that were finally going to eat . since she was facing the kitchen she said that she hoped not since those plates have been sitting next to the bar for quite a while . sure enough those were our plates . my osso bucco was still warm but she said that her fish was a bit cold . because we were so famished she didnt say anything . speaking of my osso bucco it was bland . there was no seasoning at all . disappointing . i was really looking forward to the dessert since i love  sweet . my pudding chomeur consisted of a dry  cake with caramel on top . the cake was so dry that the caramel couldnt even moisten it which is what its supposed to do . ive had a better pudding chomeur at rotisserie sthubert.nnbecause this was during the mtl u00e0 table festival i paid a set price of 39 for my food . at that price i felt that it was slightly overpriced for what i got . however had i went any other time the same meal wouldve cost me 54 thats just insane . there are better and cheaper  nearby . nnanother thing there are a couple of  that mention the loudness of the music . i have to agree with them . is it necessary to blast  at  people are eating and we can barely carry on a conversation . raise the volume at 10pm but prior to that keep it low .
__label__pos forte european tapas  and bistro is the place to be eat drink and have  . nthis place is a must diverse menu tasty  . service is top notch 5 star  our  nataliya she is amazing very friendly  and attentive . shopska salad is the best salad i ever had  try the  eastern lamb beef strogonov and the best part the biscuit cake omg . thank you forte well be back definitly
__label__pos  surrender you had me at hello id please i was here for a bday celebration so of  we did bottle service . expensive as it was it was seriously worth it . our cocktail server and the servers assistant were so incredibly  and nice . no snooty bitchassness with them they were so on  with keeping our mixers full and our table  . i wish i remembered their names but there were definitely kisses and thank  at the end of the night.nthe club itself is so the antithesis of the club concept . surrender is encore beach club by day and surrender club at night . what i love is that most of the tables are outside around the pool . fresh air at a club who  its very scenic and beautiful with great lighting and a romantic classy fun ambiance . the music is loud and there is plenty of room to dance outside and not be stuck inside some sweaty dudes armpit . there is a dance floor  if personal space is not an issue . there are 3 bars to expedite inebriation as well as gaming tables if you just got ta get your fix.nmusic is edm . awesome when we were there diplo was headlining and theyve gotten tiesto and the like as well . the bouncers and enforcers were really nice and professional . overall a great night and totally worth it
__label__pos been here about five times now  it  and its still an awesome club to visit.nnthe cabana tables we had a while ago were beautiful youre provided with your own private area with a hot tub in the front a few tables inside a bartender  and your own bottles . that was a really fun experience and  worth the price if you can garner up a good group thats willing to pay for itnnthe entire place is huge and once in the first thing that strikes you is the  pool setting . its a great place to come during the  nights same rules as xs dont jump in the pool and the drinks are quite awesome.nndefinitely not as packed and marketed as xs marquee or the like which for my group of  is good no lines no hassle and still an awesome atmosphere . nncover varies once we paid 50 another 20 depending on whats going on .
__label__pos encore beach club  get   if it  better music . they play non stop house music here that blends in some hip hop but yeah . its a very euro type feel . other than that this place was perfect . nni mean  is ridiculously nice already but to open this pool party area that has 3 different pools a bunch of bars a food section cabanas and a sexy pole you really cant go wrong here . nnwe were on the guest list because my friend knew someone that worked there of course always trying to  the hookup anywhere in vegas and we we got there on a saturday afternoon all the girls got in free 6 of us and our one guy friend paid 20 bucks . not bad at all considering other pool parties general admission is usually 40 bucks.nnits a very tame pool party tho drinking beer and just chillin . there was an area by the pool that we could sit so just because we didnt want to pay 100 bucks for a single lounge chair we werent assed out . nni had a really good time people watching drinking splashing in the pool . nnencore beach club becomes surrender club at night so it seems like a smaller scale of what xs is . nni think encorewynn is trying to take over vegas people they have the best club xs amazing buffet wynn buffet and now this   . nice .
__label__pos this is the  pool  in vegas reserved a small daybed for 500 for four of  and we hit the minimum easily .  was amazing and the staff very helpful . only minor complaint was we didnt  find a drink on the menu that we lovedand found the drinks a  weak . would  getting a bottle instead next  .
__label__pos one of my favorite  in charlotte for sushi their sushi lunch buffet is delicious and garlic  are a  . try out their mixed drinks as they always have something new and fresh the sushi is very fresh and the  is unique in  . their new lounge and  tank are mustsee while enjoying pisces  .
__label__neg  bars and   college kids  out dreamnweekends are 
__label__pos my niece requested chompies while in town visiting from the east coast . it is a safe selection since there is something for everyone . unless you hate food there is bound to be something you like . except if you are my grandma who was not pleased that the tongue listed on the menu was not available . nnbut really out of all the burgers omelets smoked fish salads and schnitzel on the menu why would one want to order tongue in the first place just get pastraminnshe did order wine to drown her sorrow which arrived in an impressively large and filled to the rim wine glass . it was perhaps the largest serving of wine i have seen at a restaurant . in my opinion this totally outweighs the lack of beef tongue . my impossibletoplease grandmother may disagree but luckily she can not remember how to operate the web browser on her computer to write yelp reviews.nnwe usually go to the tempe location but i was just as pleased with the chandler location . perhaps more pleased for the following  reasonsn1 in addition to the complimentary pickles there was also complimentary bread . this may not be specific to location it could just be a new implementation . regardless i like bread . n2 in addition to the normal sampling of crumb cake at the bakery counter there was also sampling of cookies . fullsized cookies . nothing starts a meal better than a chocolate  sprinkled covered buttery cookie . well played chompies well played.nnas always they had a display case full of temptations  layers of  cake cupcakes doubled in height by frosting and cookies the size of frisbees.nnand as if their menu was not big enough they had added quite a few new options such as a kale salad and flatbread pizzas . everything was very tasty and as usual my brother  it a personal challenge to  as much food as possible he managed  sliders and a plateful of onion rings . it was fascinating and horrified my grandmother who just couldnt bring herself to look away .
__label__pos   .   .    .  music is usually pretty good as well . bathrooms are too small but its usually not an issue .
__label__pos chocolate heavennnwonderful chocolate . fabulous chocolate ganache  .  crepesnngood for lunch . we had the sugar crepe and the  provenu00e7al . they were greatnnhigh  for  . friendly  . great service . beautiful 
__label__pos  et chocolat ladresse u00e0 ne pas manquer u00e0 montru00e9al tout dabord moi qui suis une grande mangeuse de chocolat dailleurs je ne pourrais jamais men passer alors comment ne pas me rendre dans un tel endroit ou00fa un vaste choix de desserts et de boissons u00e0 base de chocolat sont offerts et sont bien faits njai du00e9ju00e0 essayu00e9 plusieurs de leurs brownies et je peux vous dire quils sont u00e0 tomber par terre je dois vraiment me retenir pour   en commander un deuxiu00e8me mais bon il faut garder la ligne il y a encore plein de chose que je dois essayer et rien qu u00e0 les voir en photo ou sur la table du voisin quand on est sur place donne vraiment envie nnjai u00e9galement essayu00e9 les plats salu00e9s et principalement leurs cru00eapes de sarrasin je n ai rien u00e0 dire u00e0 part que cest un du00e9lice et celleci est accompagnu00e9e dune petite salade toute simple mais avec une bonne vinaigrette la derniu00e8re fois que je my suis rendue jai pris celle au pesto et ce fut un vrai plaisir gustatif il y a avait bien du pesto ce que je redoutais un peu au du00e9butnnconcernant lendroit maintenant j aime beaucoup il est tru00e8s propre et tru00e8s lumineux et cest un grand espace comparu00e9 u00e0 celui se situant sur la rue saintdenis . et avec leurs grands comptoirs ou00f9 ils exposent leurs produits gu00e2teaux pralines ... je peux vous dire que tout cela est bien tentant moi ju00e9vite carru00e9ment de tout regarder sinon jachu00e8terais bien tout de plus le rapport qualitu00e9prix est excellent nnle personnel est sympa et souriant ils viennent souvent nous resservir  boire juste petit du00e9tail vraiment petit notre serveur avait un peu du mal avec les factures il a fait quelques erreurs mais rien de bien grave nnpour les amateurs de  nattendez plus  testez vos papilles gustatives appru00e9cieront grandement
__label__neg      and a  window person equals one very unhappy customer the   even told me sarcastically thank you for your patience after i has commented on how much time it was taking this morning she rang up the wrong amount handed me the wrong order and seemed frustrated with me after i had spent 10 minutes stuck in that line if there had been room for me to skip that line i would have been gone i bit my tongue ... called the manager later and explained that maybe that employee needed extra training regarding her customer service grrrr
__label__pos    is my   .  is   well be back again
__label__neg  breakfast  .  not   or   options vegas restaurants are very much behind that trend . ordered a  that came with bacon and we asked for a veggie substitute . the chef refused to sub avocado without a 3 dollar charge . chipotle charges 2 dollars for avocado and we are paying for meat we are not eating . so lame customer service fail .
__label__pos i had work done elsewhere here in  vegas and wasnt all that happy with the work . i took my new stingray into ecotint and had a clear bra and  tint done on it . mike and jay have been wonderful to do business with . they do  the old fashion  the customer comes  . this is the only place i will use for all of my cars or recommend to any of my friends .  mike and jay for your excellent  of my car and me .
__label__pos so coffee tea delicious pastries and an awesome ambiance walk into a bar ... ... ..nnif there is a heaven and they have a coffee shop this is its earth location heres whynnmagazines books and  games  of seating  it does get  wifi communal  live music eclectic collection of teas and a variety of intriguing coffees delicious pastries macarons  and warm  outside seating intelligent and carefully chosen decor . nnnthis is a great place to reconnect with your innerrenaissance movement . nnrediscover your love of literature music new aromas tastes and good people . if this review sounds too good to be true its only because you havent been here yet .
__label__pos glenhas serve up some good old fashioned grub on the royal mile . bacon rolls fry ups for breakfast and a more unusual option hot dogs are on the menu.nnits nicely  the service is  and its always  which proves how popular it is . it looks quite swish from the outside but the prices arent through the roof which makes it exceptionally affordable on the royal mile . nnwith  rolls baguettes and sweets ive got to say my favourite snack from glenhas has got to be one of their breakfast  .  ups are good old fashioned simple food and they always hit the spot . especially if youre knackered after making it up hilly cockburn street to get herenngreat prices loads of outdoor seating and speedy service its one of the best snack bars on the royal mile . and i still cant believe how affordable it is
__label__pos    with   . we    that come with soup of the day fried rice a crab puff and a spring roll . the lemon chicken and jm house chicken were both yummy . fresh tasting food with good flavor . nothing was greasy so i didnt get that gross full feeling like i have at other places . i like supporting non chain places like this and would definitely eat here again .
__label__pos        out the  and a floor staff and management that actually give a shit . you would think it would just be about the dealing but you would be wrong . this place feels like a home away from home when i want to play some poker and have a good time . oh and they will basically spread any game you want . cant beat it
__label__pos   for  or   .    suggested beers we might like to try based on what we told get were our current favorites . delicious food .
__label__pos long overdue review . nnkimchi  rice is a  anything with the kimchi is good.nnwe ordered a couple of other dishes like the kimchi burrito   tacos sandwiches . theyre just ok. nnthe place is small  is quick with a smile . since all the food is made to order prepare to wait a bit .
__label__neg in the interest of cheap wings my boyfriend and i decided to visit the buffalo wild wings on their 0.60 wing thursdays . that was our first mistake . nnwe  to the restaurant at about 300pm and it was completely deserted . this wasnt a bad thing but it was kind of eerie in such a large sports bar . we were hoping to  advantage of happy hour drink specials but their happy hour does not start until 400pm . nnconsisting of 27 wings in  different flavors and an order of fries it took about 15 minutes for our order to arrive . these were the  wings i had  seen they appeared to be deep fried and then  slathered with different types of sauce . the saucetowing distribution was inconsistent ans stingy . some of the sauce even appeared to be congealed because it was improperly heated . nnthe fries were just as disappointing as the wings . they cost 3.69 and were smaller than the portion size available at innout burger not as delicious as ino might i add . nnthe total for our 27 wings one order of  and  waters was around 30. now i can think of many restaurants that i would have preferred over buffalo wild wings that serve much better food similar pricing . this negative experience was exacerbated by the fact that we came here because it was cheap . nntldr dont eat here if you have any sense of dignity .
__label__pos sta travel was my automatic go to place for travel advice when i decided to go on a trip to south america a while ago . i think this was partly because id been  with sta travel banter while i was at university with it being a travel agent specialising in youth and student travel and all that jazz . the idea of a round the world ticket has been my prospective get out of being an adult option for ages and i am not lying when i say that i think about walking into sta travel and just booking said ticket and leaving a farewell note on the kitchen table everytime i  its doors.nnwhen i finally figure out how to save money ill be legging it straight down here for the golden  to recklessness and sunshine but for now a couple of trips abroad for a few months at a time after i finished uni have done the job . the staff at this branch of sta were super helpful at assisting me with both of these trips and  as theyre all pretty young and have done a substantial amount of travelling themselves its quite an inspiring place to come and get advice from people you can  to if youre young that is . i have just edged out of the  category holds back the tears and the  but there are still some good flight deals and information to be had from the staff here even if i am no longer classed as young .
__label__pos candy and tara were fabulous to work with they made sure everything on my website was the way i wanted it and if it wasnt they were quick to fix . they responded to my  and phone calls  and were top notch pros . i will   icandy for  website and graphic  jobs.njill annisnsimply organized llcnwww.simplyorganizedwithjill.com
__label__neg i havent eaten at this restaurant but i can rate their poor service and their lack of  . i purchased their groupon for the 7course taster menu . perhaps they sold too many of these because they have had no availability for people to come in and redeem their groupons . nni called 4 times over the course of 3  with numerous  and times that i was available to come in and each time they had no availability . on the last  after informing me that there was still no availability the manager  me that the deal would expire at the end of the month and that there was only one time slot left on a weeknight that i could take to redeem the groupon . nnhe was rude and made no apologies and no concessions when i protested that it was unfair to no longer accept the groupon  . i found his manner of addressing me completely offensive . nni accepted the last available  and i am  to eat there since i have already paid for the meal . hopefully their busy schedule is evidence that their food is at least worth it but i doubt it will be worth the trouble it has taken to get inside the door . at the very least i heartily discourage purchasing any groupon that they post in the future .
__label__neg im not sure why this place has such stellar  ratings . i assume these reviews were crafted by those who arent foodies.nnthe food here is not good period . ni ordered the mussels moules hamburg and the mussels portuguese style . they were both disgusting . first of all they use  frozen mussels on the half shell so they dont exactly source the freshest ingredients . the mussels were tough and over cooked . i was picturing a light broth that was just  to dip you  in while you could still taste the ocean and the flavor of the mussels . this is not what i got . i got mussels that were drowning in broth . i literally had to go fishing for my mussels since they were completely submerged in broth . the hamburg style had no mushrooms as the waiter stated and the portuguese style had no chorizo . the portuguese style was nearly inedible as there was some off putting bitter aftertaste to the broth . ni also ordered the stuffed mushrooms wrapped in prosciutto . these were sad and not good . the mushrooms were no joke the  of a nickel and stuffed with pesto rice . then they were wrapped in prosciutto and broiled . this was an epic fail as the prosciutto was dry over  and burnt . nnservice here was also a disappointment . the dining room was very small with about 6 tables that face an open galley style kitchen . the kitchen is tiny unkept and in my mind better left unseen . its not like thomas keller is manning the stoves . nnmy  wasnt the best in the business either . he didnt know the specials of the day he never refilled my water and he even brought me the wrong check.nnin summary dont eat here . take you hard  cash elsewhere .
__label__pos im with   nnatch .  sweet  chili wrap is probably one of my favorite things on the menu when temps are warmer and theyre not serving chicken and dumpling soup that is . that sauce ... ohhhhhhhhhhh that sauce i sort of want to ask them for extra so i can dip my delicious wrapped pleasure into a big bowl of the tangy  stuff but i dont want to take too much if it off their hands nobody else would be able to enjoy it.nni go sans red onion you can pretty much personalize any wrap any salad anyway which means my whole grain wrap packs fresh greens tomatoes cucumber carrots chicken though you can sub tofu cilantro probably some things im forgetting because all i can think about is that sauce its delicious and i feel good about eating it . nnnow as part of their power lunch option you can get a smaller version of your favorite wrap or salad with a side of fruit for 7. thats sort of insane when you consider its great fruit . not lame ass melon but raspberries grapes blackberries watermelon pineapple ... nndont be afraid if you spot the cart and the line looks long they move quick i think i waited 6 minutes today for my lunch not bad when you consider it was prepared fresh to order with stellar ingredients . add to this the fact that they deliver and theres really no reason to not give them a whirl sometime soon . nnlovely people and flavorful food . nngood food
__label__neg dear leennwhere the  is the  please fix.nnsincerelynace.nnps .  only ... .really
__label__neg spoiled by southern californias delicous banh mi i attempted to approach lees sandwiches with an open mind . i was sorely disappointed . so  for their baguette factory ... the bread was hard and seriously tore up the roof of my mouth by the time i was done eating it . the filling ... eh . i asked for double meat and double vegetables . id hate to see what regular is i  they maybe forgot to double the filling and the iced coffee while delicous was mostly ice . i  barely poke my straw through the lid and then i had to jabjabjab it in to make it through the core of ice . i was so fed up with it all i didnt even bother with the frozen  . maybe i missed the best part of it by skipping that oh well . thanks anyway lee . ill feed my banh mi cravings over at pho mailan.nn one star for being  unless you  being charged for extra but dont get itnn   for cleanliness as long as you dont look at all the handprints on the windowscome on guys spring for some windex and use it
__label__pos this is by far my favorite place to go for a buffet . the selection is quite large for the islands sushi and hibachi . there always seems to be the same 2 guys on the grill  time we go so they know what they are doing . the  is  but they pack the tables in . there always seems to be a line even with the two  in the back for seating . i recommend getting a booth if there is only 2 of you . the tables are very close to accommodate 8  and just pulled a little for 4 or less . nnmy recommendation for eating is make a  to the hibachi station first . drop your food off pay attention to where it is at on the grill and go get your sushi or other food drop off at your table and go back to station to wait on the cooks . he will point at your food and you  your  i am a fan of hibachi and garlic and he will plate it up for you . repeat as necessary .
__label__pos ok so before i came to this place the only other ramen i had eaten was the classic meal of cheap college  so keep in mind i am in no way an expert on  ramen . that said this place is  ive had the tonkatsu ramen both  and each time it was  tried the egg addition once and the extra green onions . i would get the green  again the egg was a little  for me . either way the broth has an amazing smooth creamy like texture for a pork broth the noodles are cooked perfectly the service is timely and very  and they have some amazing iced oolong tea . i cant wait for it to get cooler out so i can come here even more often .
__label__pos i dont live in vegas but  this place on yelp . excellent ramen place ... if youre from  you probably been to shinsengumi . this  i think is  than  ... the waitresses here are very friendly and service is  . i would recommend you try their   ...
__label__pos their pork . that chashu pork oh my god . k first of all its like my crack when im in vegas its the first thing i hunt down when i get here . its like the most amazing thing ive tasted in my entire freakin life.nnthe restaurant is quite a modest noodle house very small and they have a simple menu . it seems this kind of place would just be something to overlook . but no . their ramen is the best ramen ive had.nntheir broth is very rich and flavorful ive been to ramen houses were they put a lot of salt and msg in the broth for its lack of flavornot here very rich . noodles were not too hard nor too soft just right in the middle.nnbut the pork . dear god the porknnnext time i go i will get extra chashu pork in my soup . their pork literally just falls apart . ive had soft pork before but that was because id get nothing but cuts of fat . here the meat is so tender and flavorful . i dont know what they do to it but its just  amazing.nneach one of us got a different bowl of ramen they offered so we pretty much ordered the whole ramen menu . each one is delicious . their  soy sauce broth is the original ramen but it is very delicious . i enjoyed mine . everything else was delicious as well.nnwe got a chashu bowl and it was a simple bowl of chashu pork with rice over it but it was just the best thing ever . the pork is so amazing i could go on and on about it forever.nntheir kimchi rice is also quite good not too spicy but it does give a kick.nnyou really cant get anything bad or ok here everything on the menu is amazing.nnour group of  were rock climbers and just got done climbing in red rocks for the day so they were quite famished . we each ordered one bowl of ramen to ourselves split a chashu pork  one plate of gyoza and one plate of kimchi fried rice but they decided to get extra noodles . nope even  rock climbers could barely finish what we got . and the  we paid for was so small for the generous helping of delicious food we gotnn5 stars for monta cheap prices excellent food and great service .
__label__neg before i departed to japan for a month i was given an impromptu sendoff party at monta . this came following a year of nonstop coworkers cheering about how wonderful monta was and how it made other  in vegas particular anime ramen look bad . so needless to say my expectations were really high . nnit should be mentioned that monta was incredibly authentic to the point where everything that i loved and hated about japan was encapsuled by this establishmentnntoo small to fit a decent crowd so there was a 45 minute wait late night on a friday check.nhard benchesncheck.ntiny  spacencheck.ncompletely open mail slot in the middle of december with a door that didnt  so it was incredibly drafty and wet and miserable ncheck.nnat some point i was actually convinced that this was their plot make you so hungry and cold and putout that you would just find the food euphoric when you finally arrived.nnnot to mention that they were out of miso so anything that had  in it was not an option . seriously my favorite thing on the menu youre out of itnnso finally managed to get to our food and the taste was great .  was wonderful noodles perfectly cooked . was it worth the wait not reallyi just wanted to flee to curry zen whose attitude is blah but food is a  for me . nni suppose that if i came a weekday afternoon and had a casual bowl i would had a different experience then it would have been fine . but i shouldnt have to wait for a chance time to have a pleasant experience .
__label__neg i am a true ramen foodie lived in japan for 16 years . the ramen at  is the same quality as the  cup ramen i buy in japan . the chashu is tender but too fatty and the noodles are not of restaurant quality .  last time i was here i found a  on the door asking customers to  the door behind them quickly for their ac system was not keeping up . on a hot 106 degree day in  the last thing i want to do is eat hot ramen in a hot restaurant . the place was definitely a little too  . 
__label__pos if you love wineor boozy frozen dessertsyou need to check this place outstatnni stopped in with some friends this past sat . evening to pick up a couple of growlers of cider . id already had their raspberry ale at fat heads which was delicious and which excited me for what was to come . after sampling a few of their offerings we collectively decided on the archibalds amber and concord grape . both were on the sweeter side but werent as sweet as i was expecting esp . for the grapein a good way . i actually prefer semisweet alcoholic  to cloyingly sweet  so this was perfect for mennsince it was pretty packed at the time we stopped in 730pm we decided to take the growlers back to one of our places to drink . this also gave us the opportunity to order some pizza to soak up the booze . i really enjoyed the flavors of both of the ciders we orderedboth were  rich and complex . if i had to choose a favorite it would be the grape due to the depth of the flavor . the raspberry cider i had at fat heads actually  more like red wine than it didits flavor was really  . my friends also really enjoyed both of the ciders as attested by the fact that both growlers were pretty much dry after 1.52 hrs.nnmy favorite thing that i  here however was the sorbet . at the time i stopped in they were serving the concord grape and it was delicious it was much sweeter than the concord grape cider but it was so refreshing and made the perfect dessert . i offered all of my friend spoonfuls except for the one drivingunfortunately she didnt get to try it since id  eaten it all up in the  min . it took to arrive at our destination . ill definitely be stopping in here for an occasional boozy sweet treat from now onjust watch out for me swerving on my bike on the way back to my place
__label__neg i was so sad to find out i wasnt going to have the greatest burger ever after driving by and  all the rave about this place and  kilroys  was closed i  today was the day customer service good the food is a different story ... ..i ordered their spicy burger and their bbq and rosemary fries and the  my burgers were  and tasted re heated not much flavor and all the topping on one side of the burger ... ..i  for extra jalepenos and un less they usually put two on the sandwich the four that were on there were far from extra for me ... ..the fries were really good but for 20 bucks for two burgers and an order of fries equal to the same amount in mc donalds medium fries i would have to say to eat here again they would have to  everything and throw in a drink for 2.99 and i might might think about eating here in a pinch . not to mention the place was empty and i wasnt a victim of rush hour
__label__pos      in   . for  elite members they also have a very nice club room with good food .
__label__neg the  was very friendly and they get most of their stars for that . the menu was   compared to some of the other phovietnamese food restaurants . the check in offer was a free order of egg rolls . since we came  in the am he had to check if they had any prepared yet . turns out they did and they were fresh and delicious . but  i am pretty sure they  up charging us for it . the pho was bland and extremely forgettable . i really fail to see where these  ratings are stemming from . they skimped on everything and the broth tasted like hot water until i added sriracha then it  like sriracha water . the bathroom looked like it doubled as a broom closet . i dont have any reason to go back or recommend this place to friends .
__label__neg im gon na keep this short and sweet . or bitter in this case.nnkinh do if you wanted people to leave in disgust having a restaurant full of roaches and rodents would be a  alternative than having the sorry  of a wait staff you have . your cashier a stiff and  looking high school   aimlessly through the mass of waiting customers while the managers find it amusing to tell people that tables are not available..and they sure arent not with the  of food scraps and dirty dishes that are begging to be swept away . nnfastforward 45 min and were finally seated . fastforward 30 more minutes and were finally given some water in this dry nevada heat . oh did i forget to mention that we  our own napkins and menus after asking half a  times yuppers . another 30 min of twiddling our thumbs and our orders arrive and surprise surprise yall guessed it . the order comes out wrong . nnim usually not one to be sarcastic but at that moment it was looking to be prettttty darn funny . and not like haha funny but imabouttogiveyouapennytip kinda funny .
__label__neg very bad experiences not only with the customer services also with the foods that i ordered.nnfirst of all my broken rice dish with bbq pork and pork skin was very bad . the rice was half cook . meaning i was chewing into a crispy rice or something . pork skin tasted and smelled like something that been lft outside for a lomg time and ready to be rotten . bbq pork is little burn which is acceptable but it was salty like hell . we also order egg rolls as an appetizer and pho special . egg rolls were plain and not to our liking . pho noodles were bad soup was not to the correct medium and tasted rather sweet than pther pho restaurant . nnwe asked for cook   . it never came . we asked again and saw no sign.nnwe asked for extra napkins and folks an older asian waiter nodded his  and then again we see no signs of our simple requests . the restaurant was half empty and we were there on 8.11.13 at 815pm either the staff members were tired or they simply telling customers not to come and eat there again.nni also did order my three colors dessert but never came to our table.nnlast thing really blew me away was that the three colors dessert was on our check . we refused to pay since we never received it . nnbeing a good and responsible customer we paid our chk and include our 15 tips . we can imagine how hard it was to work in a restaurant . so we still paid our tips regardless of the bad services and low quality foods . that was our last and only time we go here to dine.nneaters beware if you come here expect a bad service experience and low quality food . prices were at a higher scale . environment is  .
__label__neg i will never go to this place again . my vehicle had burnt rubber pieces on the  tires after they were they never called me to say they had finished after two hours done changing the oil . there was also  marks on the tires and my brakes smelled burned . when confronted they denied being responsible for any of it . my   in for a oil  the very same day . the  were  for and when he checked his vehicle he found that the oil filter and oil were never  . all that was done is a small clean of the engine where the oil normally goes in . they seem nice enough but beware .
__label__neg i eat bacon cheese  if i  to your town im gon na find a  cheese burger and savor it . here at kgb i couldnt taste the meat no really the meat had no taste at all . i  about half paid my  dollars for the burger and shake which was not good either btw left a decent tip cause it wasnt her fault and  angry .  it was a bad night or somethin i will not return .
__label__neg im  to have to be honest on this one not a huge fan . my husband and i had our rehearsal dinner here as we were  for a cool place that would be low key . the  we  with told us we would have a certain amount of tables in the upstairs loft . with  guests they sat up 4  . it was a bit awkward with everyone  . the bar  was fun though all of our younger guests really enjoyed it . i would recommend this for lunch or dinner but do not throw a party here .
__label__pos listen im just going to cut to the chase . if heaven had a bakery im pretty confident it would be la gourmandine.nnive been dying to come here for ages now and im kicking myself for not coming sooner . when i walked in i was greeted immediately and everyone was very friendly . it  just the way a bakery should feel quaint homey and it smelled wonderful.nni was immediately skeptical when i entered the bakery however because the girl behind the counter was really skinny and pretty . i typically dont trust bakeries with skinny employees . but not to worry this place is  i promise . obviously everything looked amazing so i asked the girl there for some recommendations . she basically recommended everything and then said oh how could i forget about the cream puff i pretty much so wanted to ask if she wanted to be  friends on the spot but instead replied yeah ill take one of those too.nni left the bakery with 5 huge pastries because i obviously couldnt decide on just two . i apologize to my  nonexistent waistline . i was trying to get things for my better half and i to enjoy together this weekend but hes still at work and i can make no promises that there will be any left by the time he makes it home.nnas i was checking out my new bff said oh you should come back here earlier in the day we have twice the selection im literally  i didnt come earlier in the day or i probably would have left with 10 pastries . but tomorrow morning well maybe ill go  tomorrow morning .
__label__pos  and caring service .     sharer . sweet port wine and cheap  .  the warm and  atmosphere .
__label__neg while visiting my father who was admitted to st. joseph i had to get my americano fix . the first day i  like the barista was irritated that i had asked if they had a canister of nonfat milk.nnthe  day i had brought a 2nd visit coupon from another location . the offer said 2.00 iced drink after 2pm which sounded great . the same  the one with the mullet was quick to point out the fine print participating locations only with a nasty attitude . when i told him that i didnt  right buying full priced starbucks drinks twice in a day he rolled his eyes and said  well your lossnnso today i made every effort to get my coffee elsewhere . i usually look for the noncorporate coffee shop however in this neighborhood it seems like the only options for quick espresso drinks in this area the starbucks peppered all over the downtown area.nnthe staff here made me really appreciate the starbucks by my house as well as all of those small independently   that i really enjoy so much more.nif you must get your starbucks and you are going to the st. joes  it on the way not here
__label__pos we went here last night with some friends and our whole dining experience was superb nni looked on  beforehand and got the feeling this  was a hit or miss . luckily it was a total  for us nnyou have to try it for yourself forget the bad commentsnnwe shared a cesar salad before our meal and that was a perfect size for both of us . if we had each ordered a dinner salad instead of sharing we would have been way too full to eat our dinners . keep in mind they  give you bread sticks olive gardentype along with olive oil and vinegar before your meal . nni ordered the seafood linguine and my husband ordered the meat rigatoni . we were both very pleased with the taste  and size of our meals very generous portions of pasta enough to take home and eat the other half later or share 1 entree for 2  . nnmy entree was very tasty and had plenty of seafood my husband loves meat usually there isnt enough in any entree . he commented that there was too much for him to eat . nnthe service was awesome the  was delicious and the ambiance was perfect i would  recommend and we will be going back for sure
__label__pos i came to  because i love lavender to the point that whenever i go to a new place i search lavender on yelp and go to any place that comes up . in this case it was the lavender vanilla latte and it was on point . ive had a few disappointing experiences with lavender lattes but my theory is that lavender with something else so lavender vanilla lavender white mocha makes for an  latte . their lavender vanilla syrup was homemade according to the very friendly guy at the counter and it is delicious . this wont change your mind about lavender if you dont like it to begin with but it may change your mind about lavender coffee . for 3.50 or 4 for a large iced the latte seemed a little steep for pittsburgh but then i came back to new york and remembered the true meaning of steep.nnspeaking of new york growing up there left me very tolerant of sharing cramped benches with strangers but the communal wooden bench they have against the east wall is one of the most uncomfortable seating arrangements ive ever experienced . its a little rickety and what that meant for me was that i could feel the guy  to me wiggling his ass for several minutes at a time . i dont know why he was doing this but bottom line is i shouldnt know that he was doing it . if you want to dance to the music in your head or do kegels at a coffee shop thats your  . nobody else should be able to feel it but with this bench everyone could feel when i so  as scratched my leg . other than that bench the space was finea little generic looking but spacious and open.nnone other bizarre thing about this place is that they have little card holders saying things like table share go for people to put at their tables . the idea makes sense but its just sort of sad to think that  cant even be bothered to talk to each other about sharing a table . i go to a school known for socially awkward students and even i can ask someone hey mind if i sit here
__label__pos im   to  and was  to  commonplace . a   to buy beans and friendly knowledgeable  .
__label__neg resto bruyant . jai pris le tartare de  en entru00e9e et cu00e9tait du00e9licieux . nous avons tous eu  potage u00e0 la courge  u00e9tait tru00e8s bon  tiu00e8de .  plat principal u00e9tait vraiment ordinaire linguini bisque de homard  morilles.. plat tiu00e8de sans gou00fbttru00e8s du00e9cevant
__label__pos der burger king ist nicht    und war durch eine baustalle eine zeitlang auch nicht wirklich gut zu erreichen . dies hat dann natu00fcrlich den vorteil dass er nicht u00fcberfu00fcllt ist und man keine schlange vor sich hat . ndie bedienung ist u00fcberwiegend freundlich die toiletten sauber und die preise okay . auch burger king ku00e4mpft mit den stets u00fcberfu00fcllten tablettablagen und dies ist hier nicht anders auch wenn  so viele kunden da sind . schlieu00dflich  demnach auch das personal in eingeschru00e4nkter zahl verfu00fcgbar.nnn im gegensatz zum   in  stadtmitte stehen hier viel kostenlose parkplu00e4tze zur verfu00fcgung was ihn deutlich attraktiver macht wenn man mal zwischen durch hinfahren will . auu00dferdem liegt er bei mir fast um die ecke .
__label__pos    in karlsruhe gehu00f6rt  in   ...
__label__neg  geschmacklich  mich der  nicht  . klar ist es ein super angebot bis in die nacht noch was zu essen zu bekommen allerdings musste ich im la strada dann  abstriche machen.nnich spare mir jetzt hier die ausfu00fchrungen u00fcber die pizza hawaii die nicht ganz mein geschmack war . mu00f6chte ja  dass mein artikel gelu00f6scht wird.nnalles in allem fu00fcr  nur eine notlu00f6sung bevor es eine bifi von  tanke gibt .
__label__pos der  ist fu00fcr  in   . pizza das mau00df  dinge in karlsruhe . donnerstags lohnt es sich immer fu00fcr 6eur je pizza . da ich immer bisher mitgenommen habe kann ich den service nicht bewerten nur die pizza und die  top.nimmer wieder sehr gerne
__label__neg normalerweise den preisen  gutes essen . heute aber total enttu00e4uscht vom miesen service . lokal ist nicht ganz voll und ich muss auf einen flammkuchen inzwischen eine stunde  . der komplette tisch hier hat schon fertig gegessen ich verhungere derweil nochstu00f6vchen machts mu00f6glich nupdate ich werde vermutlich sehr lange zeit dort nicht mehr essen gehen . leider hatte ich schon u00f6fters die erfahrung gemacht dass der ablauf  service nicht stimmig ist . essen und der umgang ist gut . was ich in der beschriebenen situation absolut unprofessionell fand ich hatte wirklich einen bu00e4renhunger . statt mir kostenlos irgendetwas zu knabbern oder einen schnellen salat oder einen kaffee am schluss anzubieten kamen  flapsige bemerkungen  solle  doch was bei meinem  klauen .
__label__pos ich     empfehlen.nnich habe bereits den zweiten leasingwagen u00fcber das audi zentrum bekommen und alles war tiptop . kleinigkeiten werden auch unkompliziert nebenbei gelu00f6st . die besuche waren unkompliziert und alles war schnell erledigt.nnserviceprobleme hatte  hier bisher keine .
__label__neg griechisches restaurant in der weststadt.nnleider wurden wir bei  letzten und einzigen besuch enttu00e4uscht.nndas restaurant ist typisch  und gemu00fctlich eingerichtet . die bedienung ist flott und getru00e4nke und essen waren schnell am tisch.nndas gyros war leider fu00fcr meinen geschmack zu trocken und dazu servierten  zu blond obwohl ich extra darauf hingewiesen hatte dass ich diese knusprig mu00f6chte . der beilagensalat ist ein thema fu00fcr sich . ich nehme an dass dieser in der ku00fcche gestapelt wird und daher ein wenig platt daher kommt . nicht sehr appetitlich . das griechische gemu00fcse war schlichttweg ungenu00fcgend . eigentlich erwartet man hier ja gebratene auberginen paprika tomaten etc.. was dann auf dem tisch stand war leipziger allerlei mit blumenkohl rosenkohl und mu00f6hren . ich frage mich was  der ersteller der speisekarte hierbei gedacht hat . die bechamelsauce rundet  ganze dann ab.nnfu00fcr mich leider keinen zwiten besuch wert da es in karlsruhe zu viele sehr  griechen  .
__label__neg love the decor dislike   . i love good service i tip well when it is deserved ... .  to excess . however i can tell you that there was absolutely nothing to  over at le chien fumant . the food was not very impressive and the wait staff were dreadful rude and un helpful . it  have left a bad  in my mouth if the  hadnt been so  that my mouth shriveled up . overall unpleasant ... . and i am a glass half full kind of person
__label__pos prinzipiell finde ich die idee der steakhu00e4user klasse . das restaurant in  zeichnet   durch  maredoqualitu00e4t und erfreulich gutes  . fast jedesmal wenn ich da war ist das restaurant voll und dennoch  man schnell und freundlich bedient . deshalb lande ich hier oft nach einer stressigen einkaufs und bummeltour durch die fuu00dfgu00e4ngerzone karlsruhes . die preise ku00f6nnten ein klein wenig niedriger sein .
__label__pos  schu00f6ner biergarten in  . zentrumsnah.nnn  waren am letzen wochenenede zu gast und es hat uns gefallen . lauschiger vielleicht etwas zu grou00df und hektischer  . im angebot ein hefetru00fcbes pils gut und ein maibock nicht ganz so gut die halbe kostet 310 eur etwas zu teuer fu00fcr eine brauereiwirtschaft innen ein wenig zu rustikal 70er jahre helle eichenholzmu00f6bel.nnn fazitnempfehlenswert fu00fcr gutes su00fcffiges bier pils und gute brotzeiten .
__label__pos  der schu00f6nsten cafu00e9s in  mit auu00dfergewu00f6hnlicher innenarchitektur in einem schu00f6nen jugendstilgebu00e4ude in der nu00e4he des schloss gelegen . nkleine karte mit leckeren italienischen gerichten und neben gutem kaffee auch sehr feinem tee . kuchen nicht auf niveau einer feinen konditorei sondern eher wie bei muttern . ordentliches fru00fchstu00fcck.npublikum werktags u.a . meist einige richter und anwu00e4lte oder deren mandanten auf dem weg von oder zu den in  nu00e4he gelegenen gerichten und menschen  einem sinn fu00fcr u00c4sthetik . am wochenende zahlreiche museumsbesucher badischer kunstverein staatliche kunsthalle und orangerie gleich um die ecke .
__label__pos this location has a  dim lit  of ambiance  for a date or small group of friends . staff was friendly and their  was great  try the  paella pairs  with victoria and a  which they have bottled .
__label__pos  looking     at very   good service and away from all the casinos smoke and bustle . nnwe went at about 10pm on a sunday and it was perfect for a romantic dinner experience . we sat in the patio which has just the right amount of light and the music level is good for having a conversation . nhowever if you are  for a different experience you can sit inside or at the bar where the music is louder .
__label__pos best place  to spoil your hands and  great  great nail techs and   they have amazing  to choose from and  all the up to  trends
__label__neg i think meh ive experienced better pretty much sums up my experience at the alexander graham bell . we went for some drinks before dinner on a work night out and at 430pm the place was absolutely packed and just getting more crowded . we luckily sourced a table as i basically threw myself and my belongings on before anyone else could claim it but then i had to ask the bar staff to wipe it down as there was spilled beer covering it . the girl did her best but she had a tiny cloth and there was loads of beer and the table didnt exactly get cleaned ... .nndrinks were average its hard to  up a gt and the girls said the white wine was  . but the clientele was rather unsavoury with random guys trying to talk to us claiming they wanted advice about good places to go to on a friday night . i feel like they were trying to chat us up while most of them were well around the age of my father ... so awkward.nnmaybe this just isnt my type of place ... i  i see the appeal fairly large space and cheap drinks but to be honest i rather pay an extra quid or two to be in a more pleasant  when men the age of my  dont try to hit on me . its unlikely ill be  unless forced to go ... .
__label__pos   and  i would highly   for  . very  staff and  workers .
__label__pos  i came here with pretty low expectations since most chinese places in  was disappointing but everything i got here was just so good its cheap and affordable fast and service was on top of things . we ordered an extra entree to go back to the hotel with . had the fish fillet with veggies beef ho fun crab and fish  soup and also the  minced beef soup . they  offer complimentary dessert  that was  . i will happily go back the  time i am in town .
__label__pos unser stammitaliener wenn man mal mit geschu00e4ftspartnern etwas gehoben essen gehen will.nnn das essen ist u00fcber jeden zweifel erhaben . vor allem der fisch ist exzellent . hier sollte man auf den rat des kellners oder vom eigentu00fcmer salvatore hu00f6ren . der  ist hervorragend freundlich und dezent zuvorkommend . ok das etwas penetrante herumwuseln und nachfragen von salvatore ob auch alles in ordnung ist kann einem  mal auf die nerven gehen . die weinauswahl ist hervorragend auch  kann man blind dem rat   folgen.nnn allerdings muss ich auch sagen dass ich privat nicht hingehen wu00fcrde . dafu00fcr reicht mein budget nicht .
__label__pos war        hier und muss sagen das essen ist wirklich gut . waren zu viert dort und hatten alle vorspeisen ua . oktupuss salat oder peperonis und nen schafsku00e4se  alles echt lecker.. die hauptgerichte waren mit dem mousakka und dem gyros und allerlei fleisch am spies und was es sonst noch alles gab richtig gut . das ambiente ist auch angenehm im sommer kann schu00f6n drausen gegessen werden und das in einer schu00f6nen umgebung . muss dazusagen das diese lokalitu00e4t preislich doch etwas nunja gehoben ist zb . habe ich fu00fcr ungelogen weniger als 3 eu00dflu00f6ffel zaziki das ich extra zu meiner hauptspeise bestellte 4eur bezahlt und hatten am ende fu00fcr 4 personen mit jeweils einem getru00e4nk und jeder eine vorspeise ganz knapp 130eur auf der rechnung und das ist meiner meinung nach doch mehr als ordentlich daru00fcber hilft auch nicht der kostenlose ouzu hinweg . essen top preis flop .
__label__pos    und    in   umgebung . nur einen tisch muss man fast immer reservieren .
__label__pos   hotelsehr  personaltop fru00fchstu00fccksbuffetrel kleine zimmer..jederzeit wiederpreisleistung stimmt
__label__neg ja.. die emailleschilder sind kult.ngut sind auch die billigen preise . aber leider ist auch  der qualitu00e4t des essens nicht so viel zu erwarten . da kann ich auch  zu aldilidl gehen und mir die   kaufen . denn  scheint dort nichts zu  . die bedienung ist etwas langsam  ok.nnnaja karlsruhe hat ja noch mehr zu bieten
__label__neg sehr   am  .    man super draussen sitzen und entspannen . drinnen finde ich es ein wenig laut was hauptsu00e4chlich durch die architektur kommt . bis hier 4 sterne.nnn kaffee und kuchen sind durchaus zu empfehlen . gegessen habe ich hier aber noch nichts gru00f6u00dferes . immer noch 4 sterne.nnn der service ist leider meiner ansicht nach mangelhaft . gerade draussen dauert es zuweilen  lange . meinen letzten besuch habe ich ca . 20min nach der bestellung angebrochen . bin mir noch nicht mal sicher ob das jemand gemerkt hat . nur noch zwei sterne.nnn was mich zudem massiv u00e4rgert ist die tatsache dass hier auf qype seit jahren der service bemu00e4ngelt wird und das dem inhaber wohl ziemlich egal ist . dafu00fcr ziehe ich den letzten stern ab.nnn mit deutlich besseren service ku00f6nnte  hier u00f6fters hingehen . so empfehle ich sich einen kaffee und leckeren kuchen bei starbucks zu holen und sich auf die bu00e4nke zu setzen .
__label__neg sehr schu00f6ne ru00e4umlichkeiten . ich war bislang nur auf einen kaffee oder ein bierchen  und kann  keine aussage zum essen machen aber was mir jedes mal aufgefallen ist ist dass der  auffallend schlecht ist . unmotivierte bedienungen die u00fcberhaupt nicht wahrnehmen wenn man gekommen ist und   wenn man was bestellen will . es  immer  voll aber das  kein grund dafu00fcr nicht freundlich aufzutreten .
__label__pos ich     immer   in die stadtmitte und  wurde bis jetzt noch nie enttu00e4uscht . fast  gute elektronische musik cool leute geiler auu00dfenbereich mit mehreren stu00e4nden bierbar bratwurststand cocktailbar und bezahlbare preise . klar muss man manchmal bei der garderobe etwas lu00e4nger anstehen oder das lieblingsbier ist nicht im sortiment aber das sind eigentlich nur kleinigkeiten .
__label__neg zu teurer fu00fcr die  qualitu00e4t des obstes und des gemu00fcses . lieber in den gegenu00fcberliegenden  oder den aldi um die  gehen . dieser laden macht   rfid und nfc kassiererinnen unbedingt ersetzen mu00fcssen.zudem findet auch hier wie beim rewe city  profiling statt welches natu00fcrlich geleugnet wird wenn man die mitarbeiter dieses geschu00e4ftes direkt darauf anspricht .
__label__pos da   seit einer weile versuche so viel  mu00f6glich vegan zu leben war ein besuch bei kais pizza ein muss .  su00e4mtliche gerichte werden hier auf wunsch mit wilmersburger serviert . fu00fcr 1eur mehr gibts sogar  teig aus dinkel oder vollkorn statt weizenmehl . kurz zur pizza geschmacklich toll lecker knusprig und ausgezeichnet gewu00fcrzt . auch fu00fcr nichtveganer eine echte empfehlung
__label__neg die cocktails   besuch wert alles andere war eher enttu00e4uschend bei unserem besuch . ideal zentral und ein wenig ausgefallen prinzmaxpalais gelegen enttu00e4uschte vor allem die einrichtung mit der abwesenheit jeglicher atmosphu00e4re mit ausnahme  sterilen krankenhauszelle evtl . und die mehr abwesende und gleichgu00fcltige als  bedienung .
__label__neg  mir echt lange   ich  eine bewertung abgeben soll aber ich dachte  dann vielleicht kanns ja als konstruktive kritik gelten.. wir waren an einem samstag nach dem bummeln dort und ich war auch bestimmt in bester laune wir hatten den letzten tisch ergattert was ja auch positiv betrachtet bedeutet der laden brummt . so weit so gut es dauerte  bis der service an den tisch kamkann ich gar nicht leidennspu00e4ter wollte ich nachbestellen der service war durch die guten freunde an der theke sitzend abgelenkt kann  auch nicht leidennbezahlen u00e4hnlich da der laden aber  voll war scheint das keinen abzuschrecken daraus nun meine erkenntnissnwer was von der gatronomie versteht dort nicht hingehennwem aber allles egal ist den plausch mit dem nachbarn sucht gerne auch mal sinnversunken abtaucht bitteschu00f6n
__label__pos im  weinbrenners ist  ein lokal der besitoskette . und die scheinen ihr geschu00e4ft zu verstehen . das sehr grou00dfe lokal wurde geschickt unterteilt in mehrere bereiche . quasi als raumtrenner wirkt die wirklich grou00dfe und ellenlange bar . auf der einen seite richtung innenhof und terasse finden sich viele hohe tische mit hockern die durchaus auch zum essen geeignet sind . jenseits der bar finden sich auf zwei ebenen viele tische in unterschiedlichen gru00f6u00dfen fu00fcr kleinste und grou00dfe gruppen . auch eine einladende sitzecke mit ledersofas und hockern sowie ein offener kamin findet sich hier . das ganze wird geschickt durch gelu00e4nder und pseudomauerwerk aufgeteilt . wie ich finde  sehr angenehme atmosphu00e4re.nnn im gegensatz zu meinem vorredner hat mich das essen auch nach mehreren besuchen nicht enttu00e4uscht . ich habe verschiedenste tapas probiert und die waren alle wirklich lecker .  gegensatz zu anderen tapasbars in karlsruhe ordert man hier nicht nach stu00e4bchen sondern erhu00e4lt jeweils einen kleinen teller mit den tapasgerichten . pro teller werden ca . 3 bis 6 euro fu00e4llig . und 3 bis 4 solcher tellerchen muss man schon essen um satt zu werden . macht also 15 bis 20 euro.nnn daru00fcberhinaus gibt es auch normale grou00dfe gerichte . hierzu kann ich aber nichts sagen.nnn bei der besuchsplanung sollte man die richtige uhrzeit auswu00e4hlen . von 17 bis 20 uhr ist happy hour . d.h. alle cocktails zum halben preis . ab 2230 ist fiesta besitos . d.h. alle coctu00e9les tradicionales zum halben preis und alle bebidas tradicionales zum fiestabesitospreis . und es hat absolut leckere cocktailsnnn update 1 die bedienungen waren leider wiederholt nicht in  lage die tapas denjenigen zuzuordnen die sie bestellt haben . sie haben es nicht mal versucht . das ist sehr u00e4rgerlich besonders wenn man in grou00dfer runde bestellt . es  dann unwahrscheinlich dass man das auch isst was man bestellt hat.nnn beim letzten besuch war es zudem so warm oder eigentlich heiu00df dass wir das  nach dem essen verlassen haben um uns einen angenehmeren ort zu suchen .
__label__pos dont just drive past this place yes it  like your average fastfoodjointconvertedintomexicantacostand . from the outside.nngo in and you are first greeted by the staff who smile and say hi as they bustle through their food prep theyre also filling drivethru orders . and you look aroundthe place has charm . theyve put in their own furniturekind of modified benchestables that feel like a comfier upgraded fast food setup . theres some decor the place has a feel maybe even some plants . your  tell you this is not just a taco joint or fast food . and take a look into the kitchen which is all open for you to check out . its shiny  and freshlooking . youre excited about what will come out of there.nni had told my friends that according to yelp the tacos were huge . the guy behind the counter was  one up . he saw us staring and held it up for us . he saw the awe in our faces . he smiled and said half pound of meat . nnwe got a variety of tacos in our party each of us only  one . it comes half wrapped in paper like an inout burger and its good that it does . its thick and full of juicy stuff piling out the back . i chose the carne asadapretty awesome . my friends liked the agua frescas too.nni wish i had a  joint like this near where i live . id make it my  goto . the food is lightning fast but id even be tempted to hang out a little .
__label__neg    am     mittelmu00e4u00dfigem essen .
__label__neg sehr gute auswahl an apple produkten in karlsruhe und auch  umfangreiches angebot . man kann fast alles ausprobieren und wird in der regel gut bedient.nnallerdings bin ich mit dem sonstigen service nicht einverstanden . teilweise konnte mir am telefon keine  u00fcber die verfu00fcgbarkeit gegeben werden  mu00fcsste noch ein airport express da sein ... und auch die bestu00e4nde im gravis online store waren in zwei konkreten fu00e4llen nicht korrekt . nachdem ich wirlkich  umsonst in die stadt gefahren bin und vorher den filialbestand im online store abgefragt hatte ist mir der  fu00fcr weitere besuche schlichtweg zu hoch.nnvon mir keine empfehlung . ich kaufe zwar trotzdem bei gravis  sicher nicht mehr in dieser filiale .
__label__pos ich    und    letzten besuch beim rhodos wieder sehr zufrieden . alles frisch gekocht als hu00e4tte tatsu00e4chlich eine griechische mama gekocht . man schmeckt und sieht den unterschied die salate kommen nicht aus dem eimer die pommes nicht aus der tkpackung . und u00fcber dem preis kann man nicht meckern . die einrichtung ist nicht jedermanns sache aber alles macht einen sauberen  gepflegten eindruck .  wu00fcrde das lokal auf jedem fall weiter empfehlen .
__label__neg the food is  . plenty of options from big burgers to salads and everything in between . the two female bartenders are attentive nice and bust their humps to make sure everyone in their service is happy . however i have never had good service anywhere but at the bar . not once . the waiteither to get a table or to receive our foodis always something  the lines of the entire cretaceous period.nn what is boils down to is that if you can get seated and get your food delivered hot this place is great . that can be a real challenge though . the kitchen is  for the volume that comes through so the hostesses servers and all the other front line staff are constantly overwhelmed . the hostesses are generally kind of clueless as well which does not help .  have managed to seat themselves in the midst of a two hour wait by simply plopping down at an empty table more than once . nnif you are eating here it is probably because you are  the wwc so all i can say is plan your food consumption during your visit to avoid peak times and you will probably have a  three  dining experience at a reasonable price point . come during the rush and prepare to be miserable.nnone last thing . the beers on tap are always very well thought out and tasty . they usually have local microbrews in addition to good ole standbys like bells two hearted and fat tire as well as a very healthy selection of bottled beers . the prices are pretty normal for a bar and the selection cant be beaten short of places like the pizza peel and the flying saucer . probably this places biggest redeeming  .
__label__neg this place is what  mexican food a  name . the stuff tasted  it came out of a  after it was reheated.nni had to  to a tacobell afterwards just to wash the  out of my mouth.nnwith all the  mexican food places in town i dont know how this one stays in business .
__label__neg oh republic i wanted to love you so i was so disappointed in their sunday brunch . i didnt expect it would go bad right off the  but my husband and motherinlaws coffees were old and bitter . i ordered a mocha and not only did it come from a machine but it tasted like the wateriestso not a word  of swiss miss hot chocolate . when i told the server she asked if i wanted her to make me one . what were there two levels of mocha as accommodating as she tried to be she failed when she brought me essentially a  with hersheys syrup in it . then she acted like a  mocha was something that only existed at starbucks i gave up and ordered oj . geez i havent even gotten to the food yetn lets just break that down into good and not so goodngoodnlemon ricotta pancakesnchicken and wafflescould have used a pinch of salt but still yummynsurf and turf eggs benedictvery buttery and flavorful but i couldnt even see the slice of  under the tiny lobsterlooked like a crabclawnpecan sticky bunshad nice flavor but kinda drynbiscuits and gravydefinitely the most flavorful thing we tasted that morningnnnot so goodnmonte cristo essentially a french toast sandwich was missing the crunchy texture of deep fryingnpastrami hashmore potato with bits of pastrami no flavornstuffed french toastanother french toast sandwich but as not as good as the monte cristonnthe food was just okay overall . the restaurant was very pretty and the server was nice . i dont  to give up on republic yet so maybe ill check back in for dinner and update my review hopefully ...
__label__pos went to four peaks tasting rooms grand opening and i knew i had to try this place . they have a hot dog  the bear . it has bacon barbeque gouda sounding good right ... just wait this is the  part peanut butter and cracker jack . okay now i am intrigued and stay with me peopleni nervously waited in the  line which included some weirdos who were not in the line just standing by it to confuse everyone . i was  questioning this crazy concoction but as an adventurous eater i had to try it . when we  got to the front i ordered . they did not have gouda but no matter i order swiss instead . they were also out of most of the types of hot dogs but luckily i just wanted a regular anyway . then you stand in a line to wait for your food . this was lots of time to second guess my sanity on this one but i am glad i did not.nthe hot dog was  good i took it over to where the  was playing blueshounds were also a really good addition to my hot dog experience . wowza this thing was good the dog was served up in naan bread instead of the usual bun . the salty sweet and spicy combo was unlike anything i have ever tasted and good too the peanut butter gave it a  of pad thai taste and the cracker jack crunch sealed the deal . this was a winner .
__label__neg   .  have  i     . smelled like sewer . however staff was really friendly .
__label__neg have  here waiting over 30 min with 2  ahead of me  has not  . employees  care  . understaffed ... .this is ridiculous . ..never coming  to this  .
__label__neg came here  for few different local beers only to fine out that the actually beer menu  yuengling ...  excited for a  only to be shot down by the bartender that says they dont and wont carry yuengling . the  its listed is because the company is east  based and these lazy  dont even update the menu for las vegas . this is a simple yet stupid thing done by this company . i will  again visit any of these locations . i will also be certain to spread the word of the false advertisement by millers ale house .
__label__neg work at townsquare and was there for lunch and it was a terrible experience . lets begin.n1 ordered buffalo wings and they were raw i cut into one with a knife and it started dripping blood . manager apologized telling me he wouldnt charge me for the wings that were raw and i didnt eat like he was doing me a favor . i sent them back and cancelled the wings all together n2 my coworker ordered a french dip with no onion and they brought one packed with onions but my burger had  onions.n3other coworker ordered a salad and didnt come with any dressing at all . nwe were offered a free dessert for the  experience and i asked them to just discount the cost of the dessert from our bill our waiter was not too happy about that and said we are not charging you for the wings already what else would you   to do no sht you actually thought i was going to pay for food i didnt eat they ended up applying the  to the bill but it had to be the worst place in townsquare i have ever eaten at . i normally go to tommy bahammas and foodservice is incredible maybe we should have tommy bahamas trainers go and teach ale house how to  and treat customers . you lost our  and wont be recommending you to any of 600 employees we  with .
__label__neg i have been tattooed eight times the most recently at tribe . nni chose tribe and this particular artist on a recommendation from a friend as the only parlours i was familiar with were back in california . ni had a few sessions with the artist describing what i wanted and having him send me a way so he could think and draw . every time ive been tattooed in the past i was able to just walk in work with an artist and get tattooed on the same day so i was pleased with what seemed like the extra care and attention taken by this artist . nnthe day came for my tattoo and he explained that the drawing was a bit rough strange because he had apparently been working on it for weeks but he completely understood what i wanted shading rather than clearly defined lines and how i wanted the colours to come out . he mixed colours and i selected them  on how they looked on my skin which he told me was a true representation of how it would look in the tattoo . this was the  time id gotten colour so naturally i trusted this would be the case.nni also trusted the roughness of the  and that he understood exactly what i wanted because he showed me an  . i had never had any occasion not to trust the artistic license of a tattoist . that was clearly my mistake . id become too trusting with  who were permanently etching images into my skin because theyd all been very talented . nnmy tattoo did not come out as planned or explained . the colours are not what i was shown and the image is not the shading we discussed . that was the last time i got a tattoo . ive been talking about getting it fixed ever since almost three years but dont know exactly how i could fix it so im holding off.nni dont hate it and i dont really blame the artist per se . but i dont love it and i love every other tattoo i have . at the end of the day we clearly   and it was a valuable lesson to learn . its just a shame that i had to learn it when i was getting the biggest tattoo ive ever gotten .
__label__neg incompetent  that wasnt able to cancel an order on one card so it  be  on another  ... .luckily for this place there is no  so their customer  can be as  as they want it to be
__label__pos die kantine  vom gleichen unternehmen betrieben wie auch die im technologiepark und in der ptv ag.nnvom ambiente im innenraum eher ein wenig nu00fcchtern allerdings  einer  terasse im sommer.nnvom  verstehen die ku00f6che was . das meiste ist frisch zubereitet und es gibt wenig wiederholungen . eigentlich ist fu00fcr jeden immer was dabei und ein vegetarisches gericht ist auch  auf der karte.nnabsolut empfehlenswert u00dcber die homepage kann  die wochenplu00e4ne einsehen .
__label__pos       . i will  
__label__neg im continually unimpressed by the amber  . ive not eaten there and if i do ill gladly update my review if it proves me wrong.nnbut on the visits ive had  unimpressed . perhaps its the expensive drinks the obnoxiously loud music or the  fact that i dont have breasts and therefore wont be served at the bar in under 15  . maybe its the  of the above.nnas i said perhaps the charm of this place is in the food and if i ever eat there ill certainly revisit my  if im proved wrong . but as it stands theres nothing  me want to go back to try .
__label__pos i love to laugh i really had no idea this place existed and probably would have  found it had it not been for the groupon i bought . i just seen standup and comedy club and bought it without even noticing it was in scottsdale . no worries though . nnour only problem with the night was it was kind of confusing what was going on for a first  . we got there close to the 900 pm start time and walked into this big room that i guess was a bar area where everyone had to  . there was a  of line to walk into the seating area but after asking people in this line what it was for they werent sure either lol nnonce they started letting people in it was great from there . abby and i got a nice intimate table we didnt have to share it and werent crowded in . they had several local comedians before the headliner and the locals  impressed me . one did a song on the guitar that was hilarious . the mc did a great job  the show along . nnalso there was a crazy obnoxious bachelorette party that sat right in front talked the whole time and basically all acted a foo . this was easy material for all the comedians and i felt like it was an extra treat that most people dont get to see . nnour waitress did a great job taking care of us i was a little disappointed that the dessert i really wanted was not available that night but other than that drinks and food were aokay nnit ended up being the start to a great night in old town . ill keep my eye on their lineup and hope to be  here again  soon .
__label__pos i just received a tattoo from chris yesterday evening and id say that it was a good experience overall as good as getting a needle with  drilled into your body can be that is . nnthe shop is beautiful super clean nice comfortable . although i initially stopped by without an appointment one thing that i really appreciated was that i was immediately acknowledged as soon as i walked in the door . this is something that doesnt always happen at tattoo shops so it meant a lot to me . i was actually coming to see if i could meet with serene but she was out to lunch so i browsed through the other artists  while i waited . it turned out that serene is fully booked for several months but since the first piece i wanted was relatively small and straightforward she walked me down to chris.nnone other thing that was great about this shop is that each of the artists have individual roomswith doors so if youre getting a tattoo in a sensitive area or just dont want every passerby to see what youre doing you can have some privacy.nnchris was very nice and able to schedule me for the next afternoon . he sent me a text asking if we  push back the appointment a couple of hours . the ocd side of me flinched but it ended up being  . he was  a bit behind but was able to start drawing my piece and get going without too long of a delay after i arrived . we went through a couple of drafts and sizes and he was super patient with me and not at all bothered when i wanted something changed . i really felt like he wanted me to be pleased with the finished product especially since it is permanentnni still will be back for my bigger piece with serene but im pretty sure ill be back to get another piece from chris and they take credit cards . i felt that pricing was very fair not overpriced like some shops can be .
__label__pos  ambiente mit den strohdu00e4chern und der deko . bequeme stu00fchle . viele pflanzen lassen es sehr gemu00fctlich erscheinen.nder service ist sehr freundlich und schnell . die dame hat immer wieder nach uns gesehen falls wir noch etwas wu00fcnschen . bei der essensauswahl wurde uns erklu00e4rt  die schu00e4rfegrade 2 immer noch  mild ist . ndas essen  sehr lecker . die vorspeise bestand aus sate spiese mit erdnusssou00dfe . es waren 5 stu00fcck und reichten fu00fcr 2personen . die hauptspeisen waren sehr lecker und reichlich . die  machte es schwer sich schnell zu entscheiden . npreislich gab es nichts zu beanstanden da wir mit dem schlemmerblock  waren und dieser  anstandslos akzeptiert wurde .
__label__pos handmade popsicles done extraordinarily well . an amazingly cute concept ... a popsicle shop  in one of the hottest places on  . the staff is always warm and welcoming and patient as you go through the menu and learn a little espanol in the process . nnmy favorite is the mango con chile . spicy and sweet with fresh chunks of mango . a perfect treat on a hot day . my kids love the fresca con crema strawberries and  or the mexican chocolate . a new one i tried today was the lemon pie ... a take on the key  with a graham cracker crust layer ... spectacularnni  some reviews complaining about the  . we spend 4 on coffee drinks  day so this treat seems about right in the grand scheme given the homemade natural ingredients .  to this local gem
__label__pos my husband has been  about this place for months and i finally  today . i kept thinking its just hot dogs what is the big deal but i was thoroughly impressed and i will definitely go  . the  and cook were friendly and our food came out quick and just as we ordered . my husband is  of the pickiest eaters on the planet so the fact that this place has him  sweet and savory  combos on a hot dog is enough to warrant 4  and the fifth star is just because it was so darn tasty .
__label__neg stayed here 2  ago . upon entering my room i noticed a strong urine smell . it was coming from the  and the room itself . i immediately call the front desk and tell them about it . they said they would take care of it .  hours pass and no one came . i get ready for my appointment and walk down to the front desk to tell them about it again . i was told not to worry and said they  fix it . i come back to my room 3 hours later and nothing was done . drove to the nearest 99 cent  and purchased 2 air fresheners . it helped a little.nnthis is how the el  treats  vegas locals . terrible
__label__pos je nai jamais u00e9tu00e9 u00e0 dautre spa en ville donc je ne peux pas comparer  du00e8s quon ouvre les portes et quon entre on ne se  plus en ville . parfait escapade pour sortir du mu00e9troboulotdodo . les jours de semaine alors que tout le monde est au  cest un  de paix par contre le samedi ou  soir on se pile sur les pieds . profitez des spu00e9ciaux de matinu00e9e . pourquoi pas  u00e9toiles bien que laccu00e8s aux bains est abordable un massage de 60 minutes est plus de 100 le massage de 60 minutes le plus cher que jai eu jusquu00e0 maintenant . de plus pour  quantitu00e9 de monde qui sy rende le stationnement est beaucoup trop petit .
__label__pos chocolate by the bald man who knew bald dudes could make such delicious desserts . the bald man is oded brenner and his cofounder max fichtman created this wonderful chain of willy wonkaesque chocolate factories.nni must have pass by this place a million times in the forum shops but  ventured  for a taste . we wanted a late snack after a long day of shopping ending at caesars so this was the perfect time to give it a try.nnthe  was very friendly and attentive . the service was quite exceptional very quick and she came by just enough times to check up on us without the sense of harassing . needless to say i gave her a deserving big tip.nnwe  the followingn1 . tutti frutti wafflesnit was covered generously with strawberries and  chocolate granache with vanilla crumbled ice creamn2 . baja fish tacosncorn tortillas stuffed with fish and mango slaw served with rice and beans.nni love both dishes . the fish tacos were very  with the mango . i didnt really like the side of plain white rice it could had easily been replaced by a salad or some spanish style rice would be more appropriate.nnim coming back here to try the chocolate cheesecake crepe and hot  next time . one can only handle so much decadent food on a weekend trip to vegas . this is one time i wish my stomach could hold more food.nnkudos to the bald dude
__label__pos one of the best places for dessert and chocolate dark chocolate and more chocolate nnim a regular here and have been  since it opened in caesars palace . nnmost if not all of their desserts are really good . nnthe italian thick hot chocolate dark chocolate with vanilla cream you have a choice of milk or dark . its pure decadent dark smooth thick goodness ... mmmmm warmth and comfort served in a cute hug mug its like a warm melted fudge  not only does it warm you up on the  but warms up your hands as  nnchocolate chunks pizza  the works . topped with melted milk and white chocolate chunks crunchy hazelnut bits bananas peanut butter or roasted marshmallows marshmallow . all the ingredients compliment each other and yet still showcases the chocolates the pralines add great texture and crunch roasted marshmallows are a great gooey addition to each bitennthe euphoria peanut butter chocolate fudge sundae . deep chocolate peanut butter ice cream dulce de leche ice cream caramelized toffee bananas spiced peanuts and pure chocolate chunks topped with whipped cream and crunchy hazelnut bits . served with warm chocolate peanut butter and very pure milk chocolate ganache . the warm peanut butter melted chocolate chunks and the crunch from the  bits result in a spoonful of excitement and flavornnand as ive said before most of their dessert items are awesome like their waffles banana split waffle is the best choice fondues with their own chocolates  or milk crepes and so on nnthis is definitely a must tryni never get tired of this place nchocolate chocolate chocolate
__label__pos i know there are some seriously mixed reviews on max brenner and i might not be  such a high rating had i eaten a different meal here but i really feel what i had deserves 5 stars . the focus of my visit was purely on the hot chocolate . the edible ordered was originally viewed as only an incidental to me and only being added for nourishment . hence why i chose to pair my salted caramel hot chocolate with the gigantic fruit parfait.nni really believed the parfait would be watery yoplait with a couple strawberries and stale granola but i was pleasantly surprised with the  . the base was a very  greek style yogurt the mixture of berries had a beautiful aroma of orange and honey and the topping of dark chocolate shavings was a fun and well paired addition . it was a wonderful breakfast which didnt fill me up so much that i couldnt enjoy my hot chocolate . possibly a smart choice for you as well if youd like to enjoy one of max brenners sweet sippables without being sickeningly full afterwards.nnmy salted caramel hot chocolate was to die for . that amazing little hug mug of rich creamy and dreamy drink had me almost falling out of my chair . perfection in a mug . the chocolate was intense but not even slightly bitter the caramel was not even close to cloying rather it was buttery and nutty and the salt was gentle and balanced out the sweetness of the proceeding . to say the  i was very satisfied with this as my morning  and i was very very happy to  be experiencing it.nnso the savory options at  brenner tend to run all over the rating scale but i can tell you all that youre safe with the hot chocolate if nothing else . its raved about for a reason . if you have the  graces enough to get a mug for yourself expect to be warmed body and soul with every sip .
__label__pos we eat at a  of  buffets for lunch and we think this is a really good one . the  lunch  is 7.99 i  and includes tea . lots of  really  . very  service .
__label__pos yogurt  are really tastypeppermint   and  chocolate all tasted incredible with the consistency of yogurt thick and flavorful . this  beats yogurtini and or one of the chains with silky smooth  with no taste we will be back again
__label__pos we arrived in montreal sunday around noon and  to yelp to find a good spot for lunch . as we quickly found were staying right across the street from chinatown . with the  of the yelpers we went here for what were supposed to be amazing dumplings  we were not disappointed . nnit was  but a table  just as we arrived . the service is lacking but this is a really casual place and we werent in a hurry . we ordered 20 boiled those are the shrimp pork egg and leek dumplings and the 2 fried those are the pork and mushroom . nnthe 20 were incredible a light but flavorful taste and the boiling was the   . the dumplings didnt have that watery feel you get in some places either . the fried pork and mushroom arrived next and were a good counterpoint to the light 20s . the fried bottoms had a nice texture and went well with the flavors but we agreed that maybe we should have ordered them boiled . they were still quite  . i keep thinking about picking picking up a few ordered just before we leave to go home .
__label__neg ok.. very    and  .    mins for simple dumplings . think they were flown in from queens .
__label__pos  size brown rice broccoli bowl was sooo good .  and steak better than fast food  ...  the customer service is  . they member your  and bring it to your  . please  them ill be back
__label__neg asked for glazed they are out . so i get apple . walk out and  they gave bear claw . so i  in as they bring out glazed . really you didnt know the  was coming in 60 seconds . and just  . why be in service  and give customers  . i will say the donuts are fresh but i  this all the time if you just dont care how sanitary is the food your  .
__label__neg  starnwe booked our   through  3 months ahead . at that timespirit airline had the most fitted flight scheduleso we picked it . but we were notified the flight we  was cancelled and we had to fly out the following morning . we were force to accept itbooked an additional night stay at vdara . when we arrived at airport they told us our normal size carryon luggage can not fit on the overhead bin . we had to pay 35.00 for each luggage both way then we tried to check in online for our returning flight the night before ... our flight time changed to a night flight we were shocked coz we had to get back to work . so i called spirit air ... i was on the phone for more than an hour trying to get help . first the rep from overseas told me the flight had been cancelled . but i knew it wasnt true since i checked on flight schedule online . then they told me there was an error our flight is overbooked they cant do anything about it . how about that then i called orbitzwaited for 24mins before i get to speak to a person . elise the rep was nice but not helpful . she  way called spirit airline but nothing can be done . so ... we were forced to changed our plan twice . second time without any notification at all . dont ever fly with spirit airline
__label__neg   . fly any   spirit .   delay . cramped seating . although in retrospect my previous  flight was delayed 6 hours . even though i knew about it the carry on fee is ridiculous . will always  southwest from now on
__label__neg spirit certainly has some really low fares . now that we have that out of the way i must say that it certainly is a you get what you pay for airline . ni fly around a decent amount and ive learned what works with them and what doesnt . nheres what works they fly to a lot of cities a lot of their flights are direct flights without layovers . the staff at the airports have always been pleasant and courteous . they also have great  minute deals in case your flight is an emergency or if youre going on a spontaneous adventure . people have  that their flights are bumpy and rickety but ive always had smooth sailingnnow heres what doesnt  . im about 63 and 210  so i  to be cramped but their flights  it to another level . their bag check in fees are higher than most . their seat choice fee is higher than mist hell just about anything an airline charges for is higher with spirit . they also love to find ways to nickel and dime the customers . they also dont have  variety in the sense that their routes only fly once a day for example the only vegas to baltimore flight is an 1130 red eye . its a deal breaker unless youre flexible . its also a bit of an issue because if you miss your flight youre straight sol for awhilen tldr spirit is awesome if your flight is under 3 hours and if youre packing light . everything else id generally recommend paying the difference and enjoying the comfort
__label__neg  i   them   .    . i booked through expedia and paid 650 for round trip dallas to vegas including 3 nights at new york hotel for 2 people . however when i went to check in i had to pay an additional 258 for each of us to have 1 carry on and a crap ton of additional fees . wth they suck you in and then sucker punch you . you want a soda charge . you want coffee charge . im surprised they dont have a pay toilet on board . nnsave money fly southwest . you can even fly american cheaper than these rip off artists . nnoh and i would be remiss if i didnt mention . no legroom on the plane . if you want to pay an additional 25 you can get an exit row .
__label__neg spirit airlines ... .. where to begin nni flew you once back in may and swore to myself that i  never fly with you guys again . sure you make it known you get a seat thats it . you hungry thirsty then you  pay up mothafka nnso you have this cool little gimmick about how your rates are sooo low but you stress the tight seating and additional fees . ntight seating not a problem . nim no princess or leg room  . its the fact that every time i fly you guys something goes wrong . first flight i had with you guys we ended up in pennsylvania . i was supposed to land in  . one of the bathrooms was broken and it ended up being a full plane ride bathroom break for the one working bathroom . then we landed and i proceeded to baggage claim where i  for my luggage for nearly an hour . nnthis recent flight i got slapped with an additional 50 bucks for my bag being too heavy . i already paid  bucks to  it and even looked for something to indicate that it was going to be a little bit more weight . i guess theres fine print that explains it . there always is isnt there nnwell . to conclude this review pay the extra 100 or so bucks for an actual  because you end up paying what you save with spirit anyways . nnget yourself some leg room and that bag of complimentary peanuts . it may not be a meal but shit its better than nothing .
__label__pos i scheduled my appointment via phone for my two cats . all i needed was to get their claws trimmed and their teeth brushed and the guy scheduled me . when i went into the store they didnt even ask me my name . they saw i had a kitten was only able to catch one of my kittens the other wouldnt leave the house that day and immediately took care of her . obviously its mostly dogs and as the guy said on the phone if there is a cat in there they will do them first because they dont  the cats stressing out . love that so i got zoeys claws trimmed and to my dismay she was being a lot easier on this professional i felt betrayed zoey is  giving me a hard time when i clip her claws . then i asked about the teeth brushing this is where 5 stars  to 4 and the lady said that cats dont need their teeth brushed because the foam doesnt work the same way it would for dogs . now this is the first time ive ever heard this . ive even looked it up before and from most of my reading it says cats should get their teeth brushed some even say as often as humans . maybe thats her opinion and while i wouldve preferred her to just brush them anyway she just  her some breathspray  . which is  . the customer service i received was great but it still is confusing to me how the guy on the phone allowed me to  a teeth cleaning but when i go in there this lady tells me they dont do that for cats . hmm . just a bit of some confusion there . anyway it was 5 dollars to get the claws trimmed and i was in and out in 5 minutes as well overall great experience all the grooming seems to be done out in the open which is really good to see they shouldnt have anything to  . everyone else in there was friendly .
__label__pos i have grabbed lunch here a few  now and really enjoy their wraps . the thai is a standout closely followed by  chicken . the ingredients are  incredibly fresh and  profiles are very  . they also understand how mush sauce to put on an item to compliment it and not over due the whole meal . nnthe  salad is particularly  and i would suggest it to everyone .
__label__neg so i went to gamestop with a buddy of mine to trade in my old xbox 360 and preorder the next  of duty for xbox one . the cashier was on the phone for a  10 minutes while i held my  full of xbox stuff and a copy of destiny for the xbox one that i  . my buddy john came with and bought an xbox one and was going to buy destiny when i told him he  have my copy . so my buddy takes his xbox one and destiny to his car the cashier who after 10 minutes of making me wait said that he would not accept my trade in etc  i  business from him . jeeze ill be damned i should have went and told john to take his xbox back but he did get a good deal on it so ...  well . thanks for being a jerk bud .
__label__pos         by experienced cook . went in hungry and after being kindly offered a sampling of all delicious side options left completely satisfied with a full plate sticking to my ribs pork cordonbleu mashed potatoes creamy beet salad sweet green beans justright sauerkraut and some lovely gravy see picture .
__label__pos there are   for   .  asada  not worth the wait but the al  are worth the 
__label__pos i think ive been here enough times that i should finally be giving it a rating.nnso far ive pretty much only had fingers and fries  . three fingers is the right size if youre alone unless youre super hungry . five is a  high unless youre sharing with a friend or two sometimes theyll throw in an extra finger if they think that your pieces are a little small.nni have to  with the fries . they are the best shoestring fries ive had anywhere . theres just something to the flavor that draws you in . dont put ketchup on them though . i dont know why but that destroys the flavor for me . you can dip them in sauces see below.nnand of course the chicken fingers are the main point of the restaurant . they are large . they are crunchy . they are tender . and they come with dry or wet sauces note get wet sauces on the side if you dont  to destroy the crunchy texture of the fingers .  back multiple times and try many sauces.nni have no darn  why there isnt a lemonlime soda option here . thats the only negative that i have to share . i would probably just get a small cup for water if i could but a drink  with the combo .
__label__neg i really wanted to like growlers . im a  beer nerd and they have  beer so youd think it would be awesome but no . the service was absolutely horrible . the girl didnt  anything about beer our friend wanted something  to a belgian and she couldnt even come up with any sort of answer and every beer tasted skunky something must be up with their lines . there was one other table of folks and a few  at the bar and our glasses were empty for at least a half hour . we  pretzels and they were akin to those frozen grocery store pretzels not a fan . we left as  as the beer tasting was over and headed to  beagles .
__label__neg this was the second time ive been to bliss . the  time i ordered the grilled cheese with pears the second time i just went for dessert . both times i was disappointed . the grilled cheese with pears was small and didnt have a side . for 7 dollars i  it was overpriced and nothing i couldnt have made at homejust some cheese slapped on sourdough bread with some pears . this past time i had the brownie sundae and it was not very good at all . the brownie was extremely dry and severely lacking in that chocolatey taste . the ice cream was good but i also suspect it wasnt homemadeso that was probably why it was tasty . there was some carmel drizzled on top of the ice cream with a  of  . that was it . for 6.50 it was way overpriced and the brownie sundae is definitely something i could have made better at home . nthe ambiance at bliss is great though and there isnt much noise.nthe service was  nothing to write home about . ni would recommend if youre   and there isnt anywhere else to go . youre in downtown  though so theres always somewhere else to go
__label__pos good     prices.nnalways  on fri and sat nights .
__label__pos we  here after the rainbow  and it was such a great place the food was great the service was awesome and the patio is a  place to  your meal  has made it to my  of places to  
__label__neg i had high hopes for this place really but they did not impress . i came here with my husband and ordered the green tea while he had chocolate . my green tea tasted like gum paste my husbands however was delicious.nni highly recommend you have a female make your ice cream instead of a male my ice cream was half the  of my  ice cream because the guy pounded the living life out of mine while making it . so much that there was no air incorporated into my ice cream and it came out as a nasty glob of paste what a bummer ... ... he seemed like the owners son or  he definitely looked like he has worked their for awhile . you would  he would know  the living life our of the mixture  make disgusting ice cream by now ... ..nni probably will not be coming back that ice cream was pretty nasty that i ended up throwing  my cup after three  .
__label__pos this place is a classic if your in the mood for mediterranean or if you are  a dinner party last minute . the  tastes great  and  meats great sizes and they have this yummy ive cream my daughter loves . i  its made from safron anyways its a great little  for  cooking .
__label__neg this was quite  my worst dining experience since moving to phoenix about six months ago.nnmy wife and i eat out quite frequently and had  decent reviews about spasso . we decided to visit the restaurant last night with another couple.nnthe food was overpriced and only average . we ordered their mozzarella plate that was served with  vegetables and 3 tiny pieces of cheese . for almost 15 i would have expected more . while the mozzarella was the highlight of our meal imagine sharing 3 pieces of cheese amongst 4 people . this was the biggest mozzarella plate that was offered on the menu.nnour calamari appetizer was chewy and lukewarm at best . the pizzas were alright nothing spectacular . very much your run of the mill pizzeria.nnservice is where this restaurant falls flat on its face . their website along with our waitress speaks that the restaurant closes at 10pm.nnat 915 we tried to order a bottle of wine and were told that we couldnt have the bottle because they were closing . the manager turned the lights off in the bar and  us our check.nnfor a restaurant as empty as this place was i couldnt believe they would have turned down the  to make an additional 40. their manager knows his business way more than i do and maybe hes doing so well he simply didnt need our 40.nnthat being said ive never been denied service in a restaurant and ive never been told so blatantly and rudely to leave.nnwe wont be  and i  you take your money elsewhere .
__label__neg stay away ... stay away ... stay awayni ignored the  reviews ... ... ni found the  over powering ... ..ni  the   ... ... ni am  you ... ...  
__label__pos i  the edge  for a haircut yesterday . what a great  making the appointment was very easy and the front desk guy was extremely nice and helpful . i  a  haircut from somewhere else a few months ago and i needed a good fix ...  was my stylist and she was very nice . she asked me questions and took her time to find what i wanted . she  me a great cut and actually listened to what i wanted yay my hair looks great and i will  be returning .
__label__neg nothing bugs me more than paying for an expensive coffee and it not being made right i gave this starbucks more than 3 chances and they failed me . i just moved to vegas and i was  to see a drive thru starbucks right up the street but i now drive the extra mile up the road to the walkin  because this place is horrible .  drink had tasted like straight sugar even when i ask for extra coffee . when i  the first time to  that i wanted a replacement the  insisted i bring the drink back even if i go the next day . whaaaat ummm ridiculous bring the same drink back a day later  crazy . my wait in line is always 15 minutes or more . nand when i get to the window they are not friendly or welcoming never say hello just ask for the total . noh and they always look very social inside . maybe they should focus on  a proper drink i would rather have mcdonalds coffee then go here again
__label__neg  the lumber jack the  gobbler and the kids french toast . the   came out perfect with everything it suppose to come with . did not receive our sour dough toast with the  and also did not receive the bacon that came with the kids   . a bunch of  run that place . no one came to check on us until they were ready to give us the bill . we paid the bill and left . we did not ask for what was missing.nwill not return can get the same food somewhere else with better service .
__label__pos   king is  ... .nminan   the   basil and loves it
__label__neg     us in . the    music and lack of anyone else made  leave after our first drink.nnwalked by later . place was packed with girls sitting around and a bunch of dudes turning it out to rihanna on the dance floor ... not that theres anything wrong with that .
__label__pos based on recommendations from this site i booked perfect hair and makeup for my wedding day on 1115. the email correspondence was quick and professional . the ladies showed up a bit early always better and they started with hair and makeup for my sister . my sister is very into  pinup style and they really worked and did what she wanted . she is  beautiful and that day was no exception . she looked  perfect . nnon to my hair and makeup . i wanted a beehive type style with a cute headband and they nailed it . i asked for  eye makeup fake lashes and bright red lipstick . it was perfect . i felt like a princess all night . nnalthough not originally scheduled they were able to  my new sisterinlaw for her hair . they did a beautiful fishtail  . everyone loved it nni highly recommend these ladies for any wedding or special  . theyre so great
__label__pos    portions and the  was  im very  with this  restaurant
__label__neg i was visiting a friend and stopped in for a manipedi . for 40 i expect at least some effort put into my nails and a manicure to last the  . the girl that worked on me barely  my   to push my cuticles back and my fingernails were chipping 2 days later . next time ill go to the  across the street buy polish and do them myself what a  of money .
__label__pos   for this place authentic.nnim from chicago and im sick of going someplace ordering a chicago dog and having some girl from thousand oaks serve me something that is anything but chicagostyle . not here.nnthis place has legit chicago everything . real maxwell st. polish and italian beef . the giardiniera is authentic chicagostyle awesomeno nasty vinegar just high quality olive oil . if you live too far to get lunch here regularly id stop in and buy giardiniera to go its just that good.nnif youre from chicago you will appreciate a true dipped beef sandwich an absolute mess of deliciousness . truly the taste of home . theres nothing like watching the  win or the cubs lose while enjoying an authentic beef sandwich.nnfor nonchicagoans i cant  that youll love it . but i can assure you that this is by far the most  chicago hotdog place in las vegas . cant beat it for a  lunch .
__label__pos     in   here you   it
__label__pos   un      vous conseille de prendre un bon vin ou plusieurs avec  plateau de fromages vous ne serez pas du00e9u00e7usnnpuis le restaurant semble du00e9licieux aussi avec des menus gastronomiques allu00e9chants
__label__neg i hadnt been to salt for about a year . maybe we visited on am off night or maybe this was indicative of how salt is now i dont know . but put simply the four dishes we ordered two starters two mains  on inedible . i want give details because frankly id rather not  this unfortunate culinary experience . the flavor combinations were really quite off and even  things like a piece of braised beef tasted either bland or just not appetizing . nnthis is still a pretty hot restaurant for pittsburgh and has a wellearned and deserved reputation . maybe it was an off  . but thats not a good excuse for a 140 dinner for two . this is an expensive place for pittsburgh and it just didnt live up to its reputation . unfortunately it will take a lot to get us to go back to salt . to some diners it  still seem cool  and exciting cuisine but i disagree.nnthere are too many other great worthwhile dining options in pittsburgh now . if you want innovative higher end cuisine try butcher and the rye bar marco and its basement wine room tasting menu experience cure spoon and many other fine restaurants . salt  to up its game to be on par with the newer top restaurants of pittsburgh .
__label__neg its a nice  but the  is played out and the girls are all  up . who  to a club to just  there with your over   and stare down every girl you feel is your competition . i showed them the jersey attitude for 
__label__neg my assumption is that this place is supported exclusively by dog lovers . it sure cant be the food . i came here for lunch and got a pizza and salad combo . nnthe pizza was bland but tolerable the old pizza is like  joke is apt . however the salad made me feel like i had teleported back to  in 1973. they use only iceberg lettuce on their salad . what sort of restaurant does that in this day and age i thought maybe that it was just the side salad that was this way but a coworker got a fajita salad and it was also just iceberg . the fajita  appears to basically be iceberg and cheaplooking  cheddar . it also had a side of chicken and grilled  and onions but those looked rather sparse.nnthe atmosphere is a bit too disneyish read juvenile to make this a good  to drink at and the food is pretty mediocre . again i have to assume that people who are obsessive dog lovers can not resist coming here because there are so many adorable dog photos on the  . i however am just a dog liker . therefore i can and will resist uncle bears .
__label__pos i know ive  review blue sky  a couple times but after going here every week for the past 10 months it really deserves to have another amazing  from me the staff is amazing and super considerate there are even a  who  me when i drive up and are super friendly . their service is definitely top notch and i will never park at the airport again thank you   for being so awesome
__label__pos great sports atmosphere  name  and fun . their   friday was a bit confusing  . it is  to be a slider but it is a  too  to be called a slider .
__label__pos born and raised are dog friendly in their patio area . yuppy nnthey treated bentley my dog and i with red carpet during yesterdays  . this was my first time there and  not the last . the attention was incredible and so friendly . the  was really good and very distinctively flavored . i can tell you those  taquitos i had were not frozen and well priced . loved the ambiance inside and the plushy sofas inside although i was  outside because i was with my dog . overall a great   ahead and try it .
__label__neg place was out of duck at 7pm on a tuesday . rest of food was mediocre including bbq pork  and  rice .  were  . my friend got  after his meal .   after  other reviews .
__label__pos as part of the yelp spring break pub crawl in downtown lv i  into vanguard for the first time . id walked by it in the past but it looked almost empty that i wasnt quite sure what to expect.nnim so glad i   it . the bartender was awesome and made me the most complex and  mindblowing cocktail id ever had it was a cucumber  rosemary gin drink . ill definitely  back for happy hour . glad i added another bar to my downtown 
__label__pos veryy in  .  it here .   on the  . but first fridays   
__label__pos love the food . potato wedges come in a very large portion for 4. add some fish tacos from the happy  menu 2 for 5and you are set . this is the same fish as the fish and chips  crispy battered pieces.nnthe service can be a bit slow but the  always seem  even with nondrinkers in the party . lots of room and it is always nice to be able to choose where you want to  .  of tvs around for the  minded .
__label__neg the only reason i know about this place is because a groupon was offered a few months back . i used to  in this area of tempe but never noticed this place before even though its in a pretty big building . i was expecting it to be in like a strip mall and a smaller space . i looked at the menu before going and the vegetarian sandwiches sounded pretty good . and there was more than one so i figured why not try it out . i would have been better off skipping this one.nnso my husband and i went in about 6pm and we were the only people in there which always makes me uncomfortable . my husband asked the guy if its always this dead and he didnt really give us an answer which makes me believe that the staff doesnt have much to do all day . three more parties came in while we were still there . the service was fast ill give them that . i have been to some places before where its been pretty dead and the  is slower than it should be . so the girl comes out with a plate of pickles and takes our drink order . my husband tasted the pickles first and told me they were super salty . so i tasted them and they tasted like they were dipped in salt . there were also a couple wedges of what looked like tomato but i was too afraid to try them to be sure . then she comes back and takes our order . i got a vegetarian hash with some rye toast . i thought all sandwiches came with a side but mine didnt . which is fine i wasnt that hungry anyway . my husband got a mozzarella tomato and italian bread sandwich with a side of fries . my hash was not what i thought it would be . when you think of a hash you think crispy potatoes full of veggies and just really tasty . mine was none of those things . it was mushy potatoes and little tiny bits of vegetables . the rye was decent . nothing special . my husbands sandwich was better than mine . i wish i had gotten something else . the waitress even asked how it was and i told her it wasnt anything special.nnmost of the sandwiches are really overpriced . most of the non vegetarian sandwiches were around 11 which seems really steep for this kind of place . maybe they have to make up for the fact that they have no business i dont know . this place would probably do better in an only take out environment in a smaller space and lowered the price of their sandwiches to a more reasonable price . nni doubt i will be back unless someone else pays for the  . the  was not good enough that i was  i need to come  here tomorrow and it was  expensive for what it was even though the portions were pretty big .
__label__neg an impulse stop that we should have resisted.nntime dinner.nnambiance stifling .  generalissimo franco running a pizza  on a fake italian piazza.nncrowd white tourists.nnmenu americanized italian greatly reduced by being out of  ingredients.nnservice slow and lacking in morale.nnfood ordered linguine with mussels and a margherita pizzannfood quality small portion of a decent linguine with  overcooked tiny mussels . the margherita pizza was unremarkable.nnvalue overpriced.nnnote there are a  number of rules here . it has the pretensions of a great restaurant but falls far short .
__label__pos came home at 5 today to a   house . since ive had  ac problems in the past i was less than thrilled to have another . i immediately jumped on yelp to find a local ac repair service in my area . and thats when i found ac doctors.nni called them up and immediately set an appointment for same day service . frank and his assistant showed up at 745 and immediately diagnosed the problem . some wiring outside had fried and needed to be replaced . an hour later as im posting this  my house is cooling and ill be able to sleep comfortably tonight.nnfrank gave it to me straight and said that two components would need to eventually be replaced sometime in the near future . but he didnt try to sell me or scare me into making a decision . he  emailed me a  of the invoice with his recommendations in case i need to reference them in the future . if i have an ac issue again i wont hesitate to  ac doctors
__label__neg worst sandwich  . a 7 inch large had as little meat as you can possibly put on a sandwich . their  menu   of deli meat piled high but my 7 inch large  had 4 small pieces of meat on it . i  threw out the second half of my  as it had no taste at all . they also forgot to add  and lettuce and the coke zero was flat . i tried it once and feel completely ripped off . i will not return .
__label__pos    .   for   .  bartenderswaiters that sing to you and their coworkers and footballany other sport you could imagine on their numerous big screens around the bar . i hope you have a ride home after your awesome sports outing because you should stay a while
__label__pos this place was awesome . me and my girlfriend went here for their  night on a tuesday . we paid  for her and  for me for all you can drink from 912. all the bartenders were very friendly and  the drinks coming as fast as we could drink them . we tipped a dollar after every drink and prolly had 25 between the two of us in  hours . we played beer  and had a great night . this was a perfect place to  to on a tuesday night inside of our  .
__label__neg i  had mixed feelings about this place . after having spent a lot of time in the planet hollywood i needed some place new to eat so we  in here . wait was about  minutes with about a quarter of the tables in the restaurant being empty they didnt seem to be short staffed but i  to them as to what they can handle . nnwe  at the bar and got a couple beers . i asked the bartender where things might be good that night and got the upsell to come back here as they were doing something with girls and the bull ... no thanks . she then referred us over to their sister bar . after she was done pimping their spots she walked around the bar and blew a sports whistle at some guys walking by . seriously people trying to have a drink eat dinner and they are blowing whistles . nnonce seating the waitress was pretty quick to take our order and i got the pork ribs with a starter salad . the salad was basically a huge bowl with lettuce . i got the full stack of ribs and  regretted it when they arrived . the stack was huge . the ribs had a pretty heavy smoke flavor and were  . i also got a side of coleslaw ... it was supposed to be hot or something of that nature and the red on top seemed to indicate such . however when i took a bite of the slaw i wanted to spit it out on the floor . this was the point at which i wanted to ask the idiot what they were thinking when they decided that putting pop rocks on top of coleslaw was a good idea it was absolutely  . nnservice in general was fine ... you see your waitress once maybe twice and then other servers come out and help you the rest of the meal . not the best experience but they seemed to be on top of things ... except a bit eager to take away plates etc .
__label__pos burgers were amazing and our  was so nice . there was a   place inside and a  it was awesome to hang out and its very   and  for being on the  .
__label__neg meh .  took awhile food was  spare .    was lacking any  . move onto   .
__label__pos i went to piri piri on montroyal yesterday  i was in the  . i usually go to the one on masson for my portuguese chicken cravings the chicken was  and  and the  balls were just as grand as the ones on piri piri masson . i heard people saying it wasnt as good but i was positively surprised it turns out that piri  masson bought out the one on plateau and thats why the food is just as  licking good
__label__pos hands down my favorite place to golf in az . makes a lot of sense that it was rated 87 of the top 100 courses you can play by golf magazine and is ranked number 5 in arizona . can play challenging from the  but can scale it down from the multiple tee boxes available . practice facility is top notch with putting chipping and pitching greens with sand to practice in . has plenty of room to practice your 40 yard pitches without killing anyone or being yelled at .  in the sand because you will likely hit one of the 119 bunkers on the course  is great and my starter steve had plenty of knowledge about the course . food was fantastic as  especially for the price .  7 for a drink sandwich and chips . the sandwich was  and sustaining . overall the course reminds me of where they played the pga championship in south carolina visually . probably my favorite was not risking hitting a house and the silence that is never there when playing at most courses in arizona . conditions were great for the time of the season a month before overseeding begins . some bunkers were underconstruction but were playable . price wise i found a great deal  but would be willing to pay premium prices for winter conditions to see what this place has to  when it is at its best when you get out there take it all in
__label__pos for the best belgian waffle this place is a must try on your bookmark on yelp  waffle is like eating  for  so so so good . the  is made the original way  wifi good good good  . if you  this place  up on there website to receive text messages for good promotion .
__label__pos love wine this is the event for you.nnrundown of what you need to knownnthis is an event that imo the vip is not worth it . you dont really get all that much more . some access to a vip tent that has some cheese and samples of a few other wines . 2526 for general admission is a great deal to enjoy a day of sips.nnbring chairs blankets etc and enjoy the day . this is a day long festival and symphony park is a great place to spend an afternoon . theres live music food options for purchase and some different craft type tents to explore.nnparking is free . however its hard to find a spot if you dont get there early . the restaurants block off their parking areas and the mall is just  in general . this is a drinking event . take a cab or uber.nni know it says you can bring kids make it a family day and what not . however people get super drunk . wine drunk . holy people watching drunk.nnthe  are not very good at the whole concept of making a line to get a sample after hours of  wine . youre going to get a little annoyed . good thing you brought that blanket rightnnseriously  should be in 72 pt font here.nni had a good time meeting all the different vineyards and vendors . i dont know a lot about wine . i buy  on what the label looks like . so it was good to learn a little bit along the way.nnjust like beer bourbon and bbq the same  put this on i think this is a festival that gets a little bit better each year .
__label__pos they actually buy your stuff here . and that im aware of its the first book store ive come across in  that does so . most  will take books only for store credit and some wont even do that i.e . book buyers in pm ... not sure why everybody is so hyped on that place ... nnanyways not only do they buy but imo they pay pretty darn well . theyll give you even more in store credit which you will be highly  to use to clean them out of hellacheap books . not only books theyve got dvd movies and tv show sets cds vhs wazzat vinyl records  gear from old to newest tablets ereaders and portable electronics . on top of all that jazz they also  magic the gathering cards and have a coffeetea shop built right in . also tons of nifty knickknack items and a kids books and playing area.nnthe wait can be a bit long when youre selling so its a good idea to learn the schedule here and get in before the rush . the cool thing is you can always dropin dropoff and  a bite at one of the nearby  while you wait . even with my biggest load of books i have never waited more than an hour . and that time made for a perfect nap on one of their comfy couches .
__label__pos looking at their  i was a little skeptical about how good their burgers would be but i was glad that everything went better than expected.nni got the button buster and my dinning partner got the kobe beef burger . we requested it medium and medium rare respectively and they came out  on point . nicely done  . the best  about these  were the buns . they did not come out soggy looks like someone rested their meat before plating yes which is a huge bonus in my book .  buns are disgusting . their buns also withstood the manhandling they had to  while being devoured . another huge bonus for not falling apart.nnthe shoestring fries werent the best fries ive ever had but they were plenty better than school cafeteria fries . pnnwe also got the daily special milkshake which was  peanut butter . it was amazing probably one of the better milkshakes ive had in my time .
__label__pos  brgrnnthank you for the delightful  burger i enjoyed here with friends the other day . i enjoyed it thoroughly paired with the boozy salted caramel milkshake which helped make my night 10 times  thankyouverymuch and the incredible shoestring french fries with truffle cheese wiz . whoever came up with the truffle cheese wiz deserves a raise in my booknnwhile i find your decorating and style to be a tiny bit ... ohh lacking ... i can forgive you since a little bird recently told me that youd be doing a bit of an overhaul of your menu and ambiance . hopefully this rumor  truennwhat i must  thank you for however is saving my boyfriends fancy pair of rayban sunglasses that id given him as a gift for christmas hed apparently left it behind at our table . your service and assistance in our search proved successful and we  in the end no words can express our gratitude for your help.nnsincerelynnstephanie t .
__label__pos i went there for a friends birthday party . the decor was very different you feel  you are in  of the girl clothing store modern luxury feel . the food was pretty good for its price . i had salmon salad burger and hanger steak . the  came out  the first time but the chef apologize and went ahead made us a new plate  away . the service was good but it was slow ... our server was  but everything  out the kitchen were just  .
__label__pos well  and behold i had the wonderful opportunity to visit an urgent care facility last night . i decided to google search nearby  this was the closest to my apartment and was opened the  compared to other ones . nninitial impressions nnwhat they have a number and they  the  with a live person no way this cant bennit was nearly 730 pm when i first called . the place was only open until 8 pm . i asked if they were busy . the woman said not at all . coolnnmy five minute drive greeted me with a pleasantly new facility . everything was very open looking and clean this place was in much better condition than any other urgent care facility i had ever been to . there was only one other couple in the place . even better.nni was checked in brought back in to my room seen and given a prescription which was filled on site all within 40  i  not have asked for more i find myself wondering if it is always this slow or if i just ran in to a streak of luck for once in my life.nnall of the staff was friendly and  detailed explanations and information for all of my medical needs and concerns.nni will definitely return to this place when i need to visit an urgent care facility and will recommend it to my friends
__label__neg if i could  0 stars i would horrible employees horrible  service and horrible management . back in may i had purchased balloons for my graduation party . after we picked them up and took them out of the plastic bag we realized they were table height when we asked for floor length . by the time the party started some of the balloons had deleted and we paid extra for high  . nlater we called the store and explained our situation and were told we would get a credit i went in to  up my credit and was told by management that there was a list of credits in the back and not to worry . ntoday i went to use that credit and no one knew  about it . later i got on the phone with kevin the rude manager who assured me that my  wouldnt have happened and that there is no list so he basically insinuated that i was lying . ni failed to mention that the day i went to order my balloons the lady behind the counter was less than helpful and made faces when we asked different styles of center balloons . clearly she hates her job and life . not one smile the whole time she helped us . this store is a  of time and so are the people stay away
__label__pos america except california apparently runs on dunkin . nnsurprisingly this dunkin donuts is one of the closest ones to many of us from southern california . theres one just south of the las  strip in nevada but on the arizona side this has to be it . though theres one on the naval base at camp pendleton near san diego private citizens cant go onto the campus so it essentially is inaccessible for about 95 of the population . it almost makes one want to join the military actually.nnfor all intents and purposes and as crazy as it sounds this dunkin is one of the closest ones to the people of the los angeles region.nni spent the past thanksgiving weekend in phoenix and i stopped by here each morning as part of my ritual whenever i visit a city where dunkin donuts  . i would get up before the rest of my family and enjoy a donut and regular coffee raspberry creamed and sugared as the crowds and lines would slowly start to form . if you follow my reviews this crowding after i arrive always occurs whenever i visit a restaurant or establishment and it happened each morning during the thanksgiving weekend here . nnonce my order was claimed i always insisted on eating there as i dont like eating in my vehicle or really having food in it . there is a drivethru here however for those that dont care for the interiors of their cars . i do like how this location delegates the coffee making responsibility to others and to have you pick up your order off to the side it makes for faster overall service with the rest of the queue.nnim actually one of those people who always completes those surveys on the receipts so as to get a free donut on my next visit . considering that i essentially swing by each day doing those surveys is essentially a 50 discount off my bill each visit and i really only pay for the coffee . its made even easier if you have a smart phone and can do it on the spot . i know what youre thinking ... what about that last receipt before you went back to california did you do that survey the answer is yes . and its folded and in my wallet ready to be  out the next time i encounter a dunkin donuts location . nnthe tax here is generally lower than what i experience back in california so whatever few cents it saves me in sales tax is always welcomed even if i cant really compare it with another california dunkin donuts . i did notice that the prices for milk and water in the refrigerator were too high however even by los angeles standards . then i realized that because this is some of the hottest deserts in the country water  be more of an  thing around these parts.nnthe service was very attentive and great . the donuts i sought were always in stock and tasted fresh . you can tell a good quality donut because you  see cracks in the glazing . i only wish that they install a television set to the news or something entertaining so that diners could have something to look at other than their phones or other people.nnspeaking of which ... on a side note while visiting here i was keenly aware that i was the only asian person here each time and probably the only one on any given day . though i was aware of it it was kinda interesting seeing how other customers looked at me . it could have also been the way i parked the car which was fast and with california plates dressed which was businesslike but wouldnt draw a second glance in los angeles or had brief verbal  but  . children especially who havent yet learned the art of discretion essentially gawked at me and were surprised at my californian accent we dont actually have one and how tall i was for an asian . i did notice i was consistently one of the tallest people there each morning which isnt saying much because im of average height around southern california . i knew this because i could hear them whispering it to their parents who would reply back to them that im probably visiting from out of town . nni just laughed looked at the parents and replied cute kids .
__label__pos   of the  wellknown   shop in 
__label__neg be prepared to wait so  no  what time a day it is they always have a line of people inside and at the drivethru not to mention they never answer the phone . if you call to  out about a  they either never pick up or put you on hold and still not pick up . one time i called at midnight thinking i could get through . nope i was wrong . its totally not the staffs  either . its lack of people . they just are too overwhelmed with customers . be it as it  i will be changing to the walgreens further up boulder hwy in hopes that they will be more efficient
__label__pos  their  velvet pancake but the  is  small we have to wait for half an  .  is good and the food i  the wait is all  it .
__label__pos the subs are great and this  is owned by doug a customer   guy full of  and positivity there are not that many people  him  . hes  a metal  so you know he is legit
__label__pos love the epicenter i always have a blast here . blackfinn suite and  are some of my favorite places . looking to  paying cover and the  crowds  take your  cheap ass up to aloft wxyz lounge and enjoy the stunning  of the city . i will  parking sucks however ... .  the street at whateversomething tavern its 5 .
__label__pos this was a recommendation from my and thao t and i think they got the recommend from bobby and misti ...  you guys this place is wonderful.nni asked the server what her  dish is and she recommended the steamed sea bass . this is what i recommend to all of you in yelp land because my god its so good and so  at least to a gringo like me . im a huge fan of steamed fish in the first place because its not greasy but the bass is served on top of a a broth that is sweet with just a slight tang to it . that was the first  to go.nnside note they have bottles of chinese wine on  . go ahead and order one they are not expensive at all and a great complement to the meal.nni also  the pad se ew yes that cant be spelled correct and the grilled beef salad . no complaints.nnstaff is so generous place is really clean and quaint .
__label__neg this place has been on my radar for three months now . i finally made it for lunch a few days ago and i have to say it was a disappointing experience.nn i chose menu item f6 spicy thai holy basil with chicken which was stir fried chicken  chili and thai holy basil leaves . the chicken itself was sliced not ground and was a  tough and dry . the dish appeared to be swimming in grease instead of a sauce . i didnt know sliced chicken could be greasy ... nnthe level 3 spice out of 5 barely registered as spicy and as a  the food was bland . why do most thai places skimp on basil i thought this was a dish that featured basil instead i found myself on the hunt looking for basil  the rubbery overcooked chicken . nnthe  itself is clean quaint and inviting . my order was  in 10 minutes which was nice considering i was on my lunch break . however i would rather they took their time to make sure the dish actually tasted good . nni wont come back as there are just too many   places to choose from in las vegas .
__label__pos while strolling through the biltmore we came across this restaurant . i  how the menu revolved around dishes that are lower in calories then most restaurants . this didnt come with a compromise in taste either . nnthe service was very good both at the hostess  friendly and with our waiter . they were a little  than i think they  so the get the check took a bit but you could see everyone running around being busy so no worries.nni ordered the veggie sandwich . it was quite  and falling  but so worth it . it was very tasty . i didnt like how it came with a plain jane salad though with a  too much dressing on it . i wish there were other options . my hubby had the buffalo chili and after trying a taste we both agreeded that was one of the best chilis weve ever had . nnwe arent in the area that often but i havent forgotten the  and would like to return to try other items .
__label__pos excellent food and great service from matt . we had to wait a   than  minutes before being seated for lunch at  1130. the lobster flatbread was wellcooked and balanced in  and my guests duck looked quite  . the wine  is  .
__label__neg i am not impressed . the pizza garlic knots meatballs zeppole were decent but nothing to write home about . nnthe worst part was the spaghetti and meatballs dinner i ordered . i  for sauce on the side which they did . but they gave me a minuscule portion of spaghetti not even enough for a childs portion imo and it was hard and had obviously been sitting . there was literally more  than pasta . nnthe side salad with grilled chicken is 3 more than without so i  they must give a decent  piece of chicken with it . you know what they say when you assume right there was maybe half a cutlets worth or prefrozen microwave grilled chicken  mcdonalds kind on it . nnso all in all i paid almost 20 12 for the spaghetti and 7 for the salad for what amounts to a childs portion of food half of which was inedible . we got the food maybe 30 minutes before  so when i called to let them know i  we could just work it out next time we were happy with everything else but the phone just rang and rang . we will definitely go somewhere else next time .
__label__neg its just ok.      .   leaving their dog poop all over and leaving their trash all over .
__label__neg just gross . not much  to say and  no other way to say it . if you skipped  days of  you  be in for a brief treat as the liquid  works . otherwise  to regular  ice cream and enjoy what you eat .
__label__pos  cupcakes pastries baked goods and breads.nnthe workers here are super nice and the shop is clean and cute.nni wish i could have tried more stuff but i only had the chance to  their  . they were moist and full of  . if youre looking for a sweet  make sure to come here . they are also on the outskirts of uptown  so  is so much easier here .
__label__neg aint nothing better than good ol carne asada fries nnthis location is pretty  with their portions.. unlike their other  when i order carne asada fries they  the amount of meat they put on it . and 90 of the  when i say no beans they always give me beans nnive only been inside once and i  just going thru the drive thru . so you can avoid coming out smelling like carne asada . the drive thru is pretty  surprisingly . nntheres always this homeless man at the end of the drive thru trying to wash your windows . it kind of creeps me out because he wont  talking to you .
__label__pos  here out of the blue on sunday morning . and what a great  location . i love the open kitchen the staff and most importantly the  benedict .  atmosphere and very   on the walls .   .
__label__pos do you have the munchies for an undisclosed reason like your pizza joint with pyschadelia memorabilia and menu items that evoke memories of socal circa 1970 wan na eat in the magic bus well i think mellow mushroom might do the trick . despite the overlythematic interior i  the latest reincarnation of mellow mushroom has alot of potential.nni went on a saturday afternoon and was surprised at how familyfriendly this place is  of little peoplethanks sam p.. we waited a long while for the  to arrive but when it didholy mackerel i ordered calzone that covered a platter plate and served with marinara sauce . its been a long time since ive had a good calzone and this one really hit the spot . real steak not the frozen meat strips like at the grocery store ricotta and mozzarella cheese onions and bell peppers . dios mio im in love i ended up taking about half of it home for which it made a gluttonous lunch the next day.nnour server was friendly he answered several questions about the menu and made  . what was i expecting anyway ... an aloof stoner however he  have been more attentive with refills and how is everthings ya know . i hear they have trivia so i will be back so the world can  how much useless knowledge i posses .
__label__pos  yallnnpacific   in  and im very to happy that they added another one here on the west side never have to wait too long here . plenty of room and great variety of asian cuisine . pretty good sushi bar with tempura veggies various sushi rolls and a platter of sushi accessories such as pineapple salmon salad . the rolls are made fresh in front of  . they also have a mongolian grill also hot and fresh after you assemble what you want . king crab on the weekend is a must . they seriously have a variety of food ... from es cargo to frog legs to dim sum items . along with a variety of desserts they even have green tea ice cream havent seen green tea cream at any other buffet here in az . oh and you scoop your ice cream the thrifty way from the tub ... which i prefer than the micky ds way . anyways come with a big appetite and enjoy
__label__neg i would love to give more stars however our server was a train wreck . this was our first time eating at becketts table and we went based on both new times reviews as wells as friends recommendations . my wife and i shared the chicken meatballs and chopped salad to start . the meatballs are  they are moist well seasoned and the marinara is just flat out awesome . the chopped salad is well boring . the romain is cut into ribbons which makes it difficult to eat . im not one for overdressing but i would bet that the there wasnt any dressing on our salad . my wife ordered the short ribs and i had the cast iron petite chicken . the short ribs were very well cooked  and tender . however the only flavor  was  . the red wine reduction sauce was overpowering in terms of saltyness . overall there was no depth of flavor . the chicken on the otherhand was very well prepared and balanced . now for the service cort sp was our server . the only  we knew that there were specials is because we over heard him tell the table next to us . after we ate our appetizers i asked our server what was in the basket on our neighbors table and his reply was thats our complementary homemade biscuits and rolls would you like some . wtf i guess you have to ask for the super top secret homemade breads overall he was very cold and gave us the impression that he wanted us gone as soon as possible . nni think becketts table has the making of a great restaurant . the restaurant has a great feel . it appears to be very friendly family . there are  other menu items i  like to try . my only hope is that the other servers are more personable than cort . whats funny is as my wife and i were walking out no fewer than three employees thanked us for coming in and said good night more than our server could muster
__label__pos the tavern grill is my favorite  joint . the food is a notch above bar food and the service is great . especially if you sit at the bar . the back  is not great so if you cant sit at the bar sit in the front section of the house . sometimes the girls on the floor get a bit rushed ... i think they have monster sections ... and there is one server who is really friendly half the time and kinda cranky the other half . we call her ms bipolar and it is always fun to see what side we will get but i dont mean this as a negative it kind of adds to the joints overall charm . also they have these amazing specials every day . we were there wednesday night and they have half priced wine . are you kidding we had a whole bottle of malbec for 12. smoking deal i ordered the veggie pita sandwich which was super yummy especially according to my hubby who ate half of it and said it was his  favorite . it was 7.99 and  with a side . i  the  of the day which was a chicken corn  ... i was in creamy salty yummy heaven so yeah this was a cheap night out . i would also recommend the 2 for 1 burgers all day saturday and they are good and tuesday taco night chicken and beef tacos for 1 and fish for 2. they are delish and i am full after two of them i also will say i have never had a bad meal the food comes out quick and hot and when it is  you can see the management help out with busing and food running . and it is a great place to watch my beloved minnesota vikings in the fall . they put the vikings audio on the speakers ... even if there is a cardinals game being played at the same time . im glad to see they have their priorities straight
__label__neg i was a fan of the old teakwoods which was housed in what is now tavern grille . i tried out tavern grille and loved it . the food was great they added desserts and on some days the owners oversaw the goings on which contributed to good and quick service . so i am a fan . today i went to tavern grille with a  and we had burgers and sliders . when the burger came i saw that it came with a one piece of thin slice of pickle maybe 18 inch thick and 3 inches long crossectioned . i noted that my sliders did not have any pickle . i can t possibly  of eating hamburger or slider for that matter without a pickle . so at my  possible opportunity i called the waitress over and asked for a few slices of pickle . pickles she asked . yes pickles i responded . a few minutes later she returned with one slice of pickle on a plate . i couldnt believe my eyes . a patron makes a special request for pickles and you provide one pickle on a plate amazing . if they couldnt give more than one pickle  the  should have told me that more pickles would have required an upcharge . i would have paid it . so i didnt finish my sliders paid my  walked over to frys marketplace and bought a jar of pickles . i will  the rest of my sliders with my newly bought jar of pickles . pickles and day old sliders . better than freshly made sliders without pickles . ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh .
__label__pos  beer   the beer  .  atmosphere  staff quick service . food is typical bar food nothing special but didnt agree with my girlfriends stomach in the least . so four stars for the  and  but wouldnt eat here .
__label__pos you want a piece of me said the gargantuan mango tango eggees cup . i said yes i do and give me a  ol veggie samich and some fries to go with my brain freeze thank you very much . nntodays order is same ol same ol 12 inch whole wheat extra veggie grinder with extra crispy fries and a bigee flavor mango tango 6.50 w the captain card . how can you beat this kind of scratch for two people . you can not .nnit was yuuuummmmaennunfortunately there is not much choice for vegan here but its all about the eegeesnnni now will add eegees to best vegan for the money and to best far away vegan . nncheck it you will be glad you didnnreview timencurbage 10 i  like the fancy   eegeesbut i like all eegeesnp factor 10 very clean as usualnordering 10 no wait at allnmeal arrival 10  with extra crispy fries it was fastntaste test 10 yummy  and the mango  is now my second fav to cherry cidernnsummary 10 thank you eegees see you next month.nnlate gordo
__label__neg after dinner we decided to put the kid in bed along with his grandmother and go out and do some fun stuff . i remember the bowling place i think it was ten park lane or something we went to last thanksgiving but when we arrived it looked like cam newton was there signing autographs . the place was mobbed.nnso we decided to look for another bowling alley and this place came up . the nice thing was when we arrived it wasnt crowded like the other place was . there was 10 or us so we needed 2 lanes.nnnow here is the interesting thing . the pricing . i know it was saturday night but i thought it was somewhat pricey . for 20 pp you got 2 hours bowling and shoes that was it no food no drinks no massages in the back no nothing extra to me that was pricey . i would only expect that at a  bowling alley but cmon this was an amf.nnwe got set up in lanes 67 which kind of sucked as we didnt get two lanes together 2 separate returns 56 are together and 78 were . i mean we were next to each other well shit i guess you have to be there to understand what i am talking about.nnyou could choose theming on your machines that was interesting . we kept ours on medieval theming . it was then time to bowl . finding the oil patterns were tough here . in fact it was the worst bowling i have done in  i am not  that either to be funny it really was . i couldnt blow the pins over to get a 100. it was embarrassing . in fact it was so bad i needed a drink.nnspeaking of drinks i noticed when other members in our group were gone they were gone for a while . i was not sure why . when i went to get a drink i noticed why . the bar area was tended by one person but he wasnt swamped . this lady in front of me ordered a huge drink that looked like a urinal cake with  and a maraschino cherry . 6 minutes  i just wanted a damn pitcher of bud light.nni couldnt wait any longer . at this point i didnt even want a glass i was ready to drink the pitcher on its own . when i had my first  i damn near spit it out . the bud light really did taste like bud shite . and you know the worst part i ended up drinking the whole pitcher i knew it would not get any better . nnthat night was one of those instances that thankfully i was with wonderful company to keep my mind off the  because when i bowl badly and drink bad beer and high prices that makes for an angry tom . thankfully the place was clean . i will give it 2.5 stars .
__label__neg first and foremost ... i do love the tea i buy from here.nnbut ... and its a big but ... .teavana needs to stop paying its  by commission and disguising them as pleasant tea mongers ... when really they are refined used  salesmenwomen . they would upsell you the paper your receipt is  on if they could.nndont believe me ... .google teavana and customer service ... .and read the reviews ... its a company wide issue ... .nnnow ... why do i go there . the tea is great but they will have every excuse in the  to sell you the 100 teapot the 25 tumbler the overpriced sugar ... ..blah blah blah ... you get the picture ... .and it will all be under the guise of getting the most flavor out of your tea ... .nnso ... what i recommend.n1 . walk in with a  planned amount you are going to spend ... or you will walk out broke ... and confused at how it happened.nn2 . bring your own glass or  canister ... ..or just lie and tell them you already have the small canister at  because no doubt they will give you a reason why the one you brought in will loose the taste of the tea after a week.nn3 . bring comfortable shoes ... because you will need them as they shuffle you to the right so you can pay ... ..this doesnt make sense now ... but it will when you go to pay ... whoever designed their stores flow should be fired . oh..and if you comment on how dumb it is ... the salesperson will  have a preplanned answer for that alsodont believe me ... say wow this seems really unorganized to have to pay like this ... and wait for the canned answer.nn4 . let your taste buds guide you ... nn5 . do not buy sugarteapots or steepers here ... they are way overpriced . and when they try to make you feel guilty because you are now going to ruin the quality of the tea ... .remind them who the customer is.nnagain ... i love the tea ... just the tude i get everytime i go there ... ..its tea for buddhas sake ... .it should be a relaxing zen experience ...
__label__neg absolutely horrible servicenni called bowdrie inc. to come fix my frigidaire refrigerator because the water dispenser and ice maker were not working properly . on the phone i mentioned that i did not know what the problem was but that the filter was expired so perhaps that was the problem . i was informed that the service call would be 65 and that it would be  to the additional cost should any additional partslabor be needed.nwhen the technician arrived at my house he informed me that he had brought a new filter per my request and that he would check the unit and see what the problem is . i informed him that i did not request a filter but that if the refrigerator needed it to work  than go ahead and install it.nafter about 30 minutes he informed me that the main valve on the unit needed to be replaced and that he could return tomorrow with the  and finish the repair . he also stated that the filter should be replaced . he charged me 260 for parts and labor.nthe next day he came back and installed the new valve and filter but the ice maker and water dispenser still did not work . after rechecking the unit this time the technician stated that it was not a problem with the main valve or filter but instead it was a problem with the water line that led to the refrigerator . he informed me that he could not fix the problem and that i would need to hire a plumber . when i asked him why he did not notice that on his original inspection he admitted that he had made and error and that he was sorry . he informed me that he could refund the cost of the main valve but that he could not refund the price of the filter or the service call . ni can understand paying for the service call but paying for a filter that i can not even use is absolutely ridiculous when i asked why he could not refund the price of the filter he informed me that he brought the filter per my request and that since i had specifically asked for it there was nothing he could do . i had never specifically asked bowdrie inc. to bring me a replacement filter . in the original phone conversation i had mentioned that the filter might need to be replaced but i never ordered a filter from the company.nthe technician was very apologetic and even  that if it was up to him he would refund my money for the filter but it is not up to him . he referred me to his manager a woman named melissa.nmy wife called melissa to explain the situation and see about a refund for the filter . melissa was extremely rude . she did not even take the time to hear a full explanation of the situation before she  yelling at my wife . needless to say she was not professional in the least bit.nwhen i called back to try to speak to melissa about the situation myself she informed me that she had already  to my wife and had nothing else to say . she then hung up on meneven though i am completely willing to pay the 65 service call fee and return the unused filter melissa would not budge.ni have since placed a stop payment on the check for my original payment of 260. i am still completely  to pay the 65 service call fee but i refuse to pay for a filter i can not even use .
__label__neg i  lunch a few times here this year when i worked nearby . id gotten a couple of breakfast burritos that were acceptable with my major complaint being the nearly raw and flavorless tortilla . i guess i am spoiled by carolinas tortillas . i also think its  that they charge the togo people for chips but not those who sit and  their tables . how does that make sensennthe real  is the  fundido wednesday special . my colleagues were so gaga over it for weeks that i finally  down and got one . when i  my ahem disappointment i got labeled a foodie snob . if being a foodie snob means that i dont find bland boiled hard chicken surrounded by a messy pile of other substandard  acceptable then i am a proud foodie snob . ive had fundido at plenty of other mexican places around town and this is no fundido .
__label__neg i ordered lunch for everyone at my office . i arrived at the drivethru but somehow the drivethru isnt really a drivethru . let me explain . there is no menu board nor a speaker to talk to . its just a  . that makes no sense right so i decided to just park and  inside to pick up my food . i ordered my food and was about to leave when i looked in my bag and there were no tortilla chips . the employee was giving out free tortilla chips to the ones dining in at the restaurant . so i ask if i could have a small bag of chips . i was told that i would have to pay a fee for the chips if it was a takeout order . what is up with that so i  pay because you got to have chips with a mexican meal . its just tradition on my way to the office i noticed the bag sitting on my car seat was drenched with fatty oil that it  through the bag onto my leather car seats . gross so i arrive at the office and we all started to eat our lunch and we realized that the restaurant must be using lard because the flavor of the fat was so strong and distinct . someone had ordered a chorizo burrito and the chorizo was completely burnt . my chimichanga was drenched with some red sauce . the spices in the sauce cumin was so strong that it overpowered all other flavors . i could not eat it . someone had tacos and they were dripping with fat . at this  we all decided to throw the food away . it was not edible . i wish i would have not wasted my 35 dollars here and i could have donated my money to charity . a complete waste.nndont listen to the other reviews exclaiming how great the food is . ive been living in phoenix for over 30 years and have never experienced such disgusting mexican food . dont bother  your hard earned money here.nnif i could i would give this place zero stars . the only thing going for this place is the decor but who cares about that if the place serves disappointing food . i know good mexican food and this is just not it . i  rather eat at a taco  in down town phoenix than this place . stay away
__label__pos ive been going to red rock for the past 3yrs to watch sports and the  college basketball and before that i used to go to gvr or sunset station.nyesterday i went to the m to watch the games with a  of friends . i will have to  this is my new favorite place to  sports due to the amount of  they have and open space to walk  and not feel  .
__label__pos the staff here is awesome especially at the bar we asked the chef about what she put in the empanadas to  them so great she was super nice and personable not to mention forthcoming . nneven though i really like fuego bistro same owners i have to admit all the food here really has that extra  maybe its the  hells ya . also the decor and ambiance at tacos caters to a more trendy urban  . tacos is more polished slightly funky and modern whereas the bistro is a more traditional caribbeanstyle place . nni love their sangrias  the red one . still the spiced  sangria is very interesting . it doesnt taste exactly like what youd expect but worth a try . nnrecommendation come for their happy hour and try 
__label__pos my first visit to fuego tacos was totally pleasant ... once we actually found it it is tucked away at the back of what looks like a corporate  . nnwe were there midafternoon on a saturday and there were only a handful of occupied tables . the bar seemed very inviting but alas we were there with our oneyearold so no major margaritas for me.nnthe food was great . the tacos were very flavorful and the sweet potato fries were a hit with the babe . i would  go  for another   it be for a midafternoon late  or for happy hour during the week .
__label__pos i tried true food for the first   . my wife and i arrived at 1115 am and it was already getting crowded . by 1145 there was a big line of people waiting to be served.nndespite the busy  the service was prompt and excellent . much of the menu is vegetarian or glutenfree . i tried the medicine  drink black tea pomegranate cranberry which was refreshing . nni had a halfbowl of their daily soup which was organic freerange chicken brown rice and vegetables . although the serving size was small it was a halfbowl after all it was very tasty.nnthe turkey bolognese is something that my wife and i highly recommend . the turkey is minced and has none of the usual gamey aftertaste that turkey is known for . if you have kids im pretty sure they would love this dish.nnthe fish tacos are also very tasty . superfresh and thick albeit small corn tortillas with tomatilla salsa and perfectly cooked fish.nndessert consisted of capuccinos and a dairyfree chocolate pudding with walnuts and pistachios . the pudding was a bit too sweet and too big for just two people . still the meal was very satisfying and i look forward to dining there again sometime soon.nntotal price for 2  included approximately 75. a bit pricey but worth it .
__label__pos  delicious  but   and wellpriced  try to go every day that im in town . absolutely 
__label__neg i have eaten at this restaurant over 25 times and it use to be a favorite . the quality and the service have been going downhill . in june when my friends treated me here to my birthday we all  how lousy the service and food were becoming . last night was my last night ever going to this place . my daughter was in from out of town and requested we go here because i would not have chosen true food again . we were seated at a table with food all over the floor underneath and a menu  there as well . we waited 10 min and many server walked by us but no one acknowledged us . i finally got up and went to the receptionist to ask if our table could be cleaned and if we  see a server . our server let us know he was eating his dinner ... .really my daughter ordered the tacos vegetarian with tofu i ordered a salad . my  began with a field green salad for 4. this salad is only lettuce like tf  out a cup of mixed field green out of a bag . i had to continually stop other servers for more ice or more ice  . when our server would approach the table he was still chewing from eating his dinner . nwhen our entrees were served they did not bring my daughters . i had to flag down several servers to check on her order . our server was nowhere in site since he was enjoying his dinner . my daughters tacos had only a cabbage mix no tofu nothing else . i wanted to have them redone but we were both so over this place and the quality . nthis restaurant use to be trendy and the  spot on but the menu is tired and needs to be revamped the servers no longer even look hip and trendy . i am over this place .
__label__neg well at least im not the only one nnback in  a friend and i purchase the deegies carma groupon which was 50 for a facialmanicurepedicure and blowout . well my experience today wasnt even worth the 50 plus the  i had to givei paid for the groupon . my friend and i made our appts about 3 months ago today june 18th because weekends were already full up until now . we  to the appt and were told that we would not be able to get out blowout because the girlwho does them called in sick but that we could come back another day to  it . my friend started with the facial and i with the pedicuremanicure . there were only 2 people working on a saturday per the groupon the facial was valued at 85 which on their brochure is a 60 minute facial . both of our facials were exactly 45 minutes long.nthe girl that did my pedicure informed me that she is actually a hair stylist but since the person who does the pedicures called in sick she will be doing it and that she will do her best . she is telling me this as she is fumbling around looking for the things she needs to do a pedicure . well the only thing she could find was some cotton balls and a stick to push cuticles back oh and a file . no clippers no cuticle cutters no nail buffer . so im thinking wow this is going to be interesting . so she  my toenails squirted some stuff on the cuticles put some lotion on my feet and painted my nails . this is not the kind of pedicure i would have expected at a salon . now onto the manicure . she starts looking around for tools again as i tell her that my nails need cut . she  finds some clipperscuts my nails files them and paints them no soaking no cutting cuticles no buffing no hand massage . even the 10 manicures at all the walk in places do all the other stuff . do people really pay 25 at deegie carmas for that kind of a manicurei hope not.ni then step into my 45 min facial that supposedly costs 85 when we left there was no mention of us calling or coming back for the blowout and at the point both of us knew we were never going back to deegie carmas . both girls were very nice but all that really didnt help us for what we went for . where was the manager to rectify this situationnif deegie carmas was not ready to perform per the groupon that they decided to  part in then they should not have done so .
__label__neg i really dont understand the hype about this place under the new management . the food is really blah . really  blah . went for  once and it was just greasy and  . love the  decor with all its rustic  but the food was a nonstarter . and they dont serve poutine anymore seriously what is a diner without  dont waste your time .
__label__neg this place is near my job . it is one of the few restaurants that i can eat at in the area between my refusal to eat animal products and a gluten intolerance . i have eaten here over a dozen times . i agree with previous reviews that it is overpriced but i have let that go as it is locally owned and fresh produce can  up . nnhowever twice a single staff member has spilled on me when cleaning up . the first time she spilled salad dressing on my lap and did not seem to realize it . she gave me a strange look when i  for another napkin . once she realized it she did apologize . the second time she spilled someone elses ice on my feet and purse . i got a muttered apology with no eye contact . i waited a few minutes to see if someone would do something to  to keep my business . i am a regular and it was the second spill . no one approached me so i left . nni do believe that the young woman is a nice person . she seemed embarrassed but the staff have poor customer service skills.nnalso i believe that they  greens  informing the customer . once i ordered romaine and believe i  iceberg . same thing when i ordered butter lettuce . if you want real greens  for spinach or the mixed greens.nni admire the effort to open a  restaurant in south phoenix . i wish this place was managed better ...
__label__pos my  and i eat here  and the food is consistently  . the chicken  is tender and the papaya salad tastes fresh . the servings are  and filling . we typically order our meals carryout and we can usually pick up the order in 1520 minutes . the interior looks clean and modern and you can  the kitchen if you  which is always nice.nnif your in the mood for some thai you wont find anything better nearby .
__label__neg this  has become dirty  up  and    female service .  was  properly .
__label__pos food was very good nothing new just prepared very well .   for the amount of food . the wait staff seemed they could not be happier must be into the  just kidding . one slight problem that other  noticed being  in the room and our party was causing it . we were in the corner of the glass windows and   well from there .  some low slung drapes there . this place will become a regular stop .
__label__pos  to lunch with my wife and she was very happy with her   on a garlic bagel . the bagels are great which show the owners  roots . i got an italian sub . it was very good the meat was fresh but it was premade not hand  and in the delifridge so the  was  .
__label__pos i freaking love bagels . basically anything made out of bread or within in the family of bread typically makes its way into my heart ... .and stomach . i greatly appreciate a good bagel with cream cheese and pretty much at any point in the day . nnpoppys totally delivers . a quaint shop off of sharon amityprovidence with a a ton of options . a semishotgun set up with ample seating and plenty of natural light . a great place for breakfast with a buddy or the whole family . also there are 4 coolers filled with beverages . oj other juices sodas milk and tons of other choices . im a big morning beverage person so this is much appreciated . nnthere is also a ton of other items the main cooler . deli items galore and plenty of  of all  and chopped items  for a picnic or potluck . nnnow the bagels .  large bagels with a nice chew and plenty of  for schmearing butter or cream cheese . the honey wheat and blueberry variety were choice and both are  their weight . many other flavors to  from and i cant wait to check the rest of them out . love that they slice the bagels all the weight length wise and only half of the way for the width . super helpful when youre driving and need to tear off a honkin piecennthe staff is super friendly and they move quick . love it and cant wait to head back in for 
__label__pos had a great dinner with  . black   made fresh at the restaurant.yum . very unique . great  and food . like many  restaurants outdoor patio a little small and parking lot facing . busy  night so we were seated about  minutes past our reservation  but otherwise a wonderful dining experience .
__label__pos i love this  if you are interested in a private room just call ahead and  them  and they will tell you what time to  .  walkins are always welcome and i have never had to wait a very long time at all .  to always tip well and in cash
__label__neg i had  this comic book shop it was honest to god my first and final time in this store . i had walked in with my video camera which i was filming for a documentary and had  here from california recently . not even less than a moment of being in there . i barely had walked in until i was confronted by the manager who was hostile and aggressive when approached . he had asked of me what the  was that i was filming for and responded to him letting him know i then had asked of him if it was alright with his permission for me to film in there . he then had said to me its too late now to ask i was not allowed to film in there because i was not granted permission from him to do so . those were his exact words . this is the most venomous and vile customer service ive encountered . after he realized who i was and that i had a celebrity status he later had changed his tone of voice and attitude.nive let him know i would have approached him to ask him for his permission if only had i known to my knowledge that he was one of the owners there who had operated the shop common sense and logic would have told you you are supposed to have an  i.d at least a lanyard around youre neck to identify you are an official worker there or a badge . otherwise i had an impression that he was just another customer in there . i did not  the hostile attitude towards me and inflicted at me . i had given them a call later that evening and addressed myself more in  and all they could manage to do was constantly apologize and invite me back into their storefront . ive let them know this was the final  i was ever to step foot in their business again.nin conclusion to this my final decision is never to  my business with them again and strongly advise anyone else to be leary and avoid them like a plague.nthere is an old expression both actually.nyoure customers are always right and once bit twice shy
__label__pos i work in the neighborhood and have seen this place for years but for some reason didnt stop in until today . i  i had tried this place sooner i was surprised to find they offer a  more than just pizza like pasta salads subs chicken wings and  fingers too . so anyway i had the gyro sandwich and was  happy with my choice . the gyro meat was not  tasting at all and the sour cream  spelling sauce and garnishes were just  . i will  come back to try the pizza or other offerings
__label__pos great  great   by  thank you for the  deals .  will  
__label__pos     and  it   .  moved to vegas and all my friends recommended this place . walked in and got it fixed within 45 mins . gave my a screen protector as well . highly recommend this place charged me 76 for iphone 5 screen replacement . thanks
__label__pos fast fast       place  worth the price would recommend this  to anyone
__label__pos ce qui nous frappe en entrant laccueil chaleureux et le du00e9cor simple mais tellement rempli de personnalitu00e9 . des assiettes u00e0 motifs accrochu00e9es au mur des banquettes bleues des tables  et dautres  des murs beigesjaunes aux motifs blancs ... u00c9clairage tamisu00e9 et petites chandelles allumu00e9es.nnau menu il y a des mezes disponibles en format  et grand . il est u00e9galement possible de  un plateau  les choix du chef qui sajuste  fonction du nombre de personne autour de la table . nle mardi ce plateau de 5 meze  2 personnes est u00e0 26 inclus un verre de vin par personne . un bon dealnnpour ce qui est des plats principaux ils commencent u00e0 19. nnla cuisine est simple mais tellement savoureuses bien assaisonnu00e9e et bien u00e9picu00e9e pas dans le sens piquant mais dans le sens gou00fbteux . nnje me suis ru00e9galu00e9e
__label__pos    in   to    for visitors.nnexcellent innovative dishes . attractive menu layout allows for shared plates . interesting wine list . servers are extremely well versed in the product and service was excellent.nndined there apr 13 and recommend the pork belly w greens.nnexpensive but matches the price points .
__label__pos     . a  of    served in a great location . worth the trip .
__label__pos while this may not be as scenic as old port or have as many attractions this is a great place for a walk jog or bike ride . there is a bike path that goes around the entire canal and the its not on the road  . its  a  and  away from the cars and near the water so you can bike at a leisurely pace . in addition along most of the canal is green space so if you are tired you can  on the grass or  and have a  little picnic along the water.nnall in all maybe not an attraction for everyone but its a great escape from the hustle and  of the city .
__label__neg being that you are in las vegas you know you want one of those big long tall cups to walk around the strip and the casino drinking away your alcoholic beverage ready to give some life to the night . i was sucked into creating this  in my last  vegas visit . i should have asked and checked yelp first but i didnt if i did i might not have purchased the big chill drink ... here are my reasons whynn1 . i was totally surprised to see that there was no line to place an order here so i was pretty excited about that . there was only one person working behind the bar and he was very unapproachable . i asked if i was able to taste the flavors prior to purchasing my drink and he said yes so i did . i asked him for his favorites  those and the ones i wanted to try as well . he never in the whole  that i was there smiled at me or even  having small talk ... kinda sad . i did not like that at all.nn2 . no discounted refills with this being said you will be stuck with a giant cup that just maybe ... maybe be able to reuse for like a piggy bank or something . it was pretty lame . i ended up reusing it with my own booze though and then tossed it . fat tuesday though does give you the refills for a discounted price.nn3 . light alcohol flavor ... i like the taste of alcohol what can i say ... unfortunately this drink was light for my taste but not overly sweet so that was a good thing . i paid about 17 bucks for my big chill drink my flavor was the blue ice for maybe two shots of vodka in it . i guess you can say it was about 8 dollars a shot . this is basically a slurpee with a few shots of booze that will lead to a brain freeze here and there . the husband had a few sips himself and  mixing the drink around thinking that the alcohol was sitting at the bottom.. to his taste the alcohol was well mixed in there and he could still taste it . nnnlocation in the monte carlo hotel and casino  a starbucks right when you are gon na go catch the tram to hit up aria and the crystal shops . nnone star for an ok tasty slurpee drink and the convenient location .
__label__neg i come to vegas fairly often and i have shopped at many hm  including this one . today i asked the curlyhaired black lady by the register for a plastic bag for my coat because it was cold outside and  in the casino and i didnt feel   it . she curtly told me more than once that she would not give me a plastic bag unless i bought something . a plastic bag .   service
__label__pos i came here on a sunday afternoon . my  was on point and did a great  . the food was  but i cant  i   the decor . overall i enjoyed my lunch and i  come  .
__label__neg     food and   . the  also didnt match the  actually served so i got to eat pork for the first time since my conversion 20 years ago . nthey were far from apologetic . we will not be back .
__label__pos we  up around 9pm on a saturday night and the place was pretty packed the . the manager on duty was so polite and accommodating . he really went out of his way to create a spot for the two of us and it was perfect . through a separate yelp event we had already tried the jalapeno poppers and they are simply delicious . we decided to branch out and ordered the  soft  . man that was good . came with a little side dish of homemade melted cheese and spicy mustard . i will be getting that again . next on to the main course . i ordered the chicken pica de gallo and avocado sandwich . the chicken was blackened and spiced just right that it had a subtle enjoyable kick to it . the avocado and  complimented the spice and  perfectly . i will definitely be coming back for round 3 here at bask . not to mention the stylish  atmosphere is located in the  music factory  next to butter wet willys saloon and matties diner . i promise it will be a good time . enjoynnian m .
__label__neg i had no expectations walking into this place . all i know if this looked like an expensive burger joint so im ready to swamp an above average burger down my throat and wash it down with a shake . nnfood nwe had a  of 1516  . we all literally ordered the same thing . the burger just didnt taste good ... and it was overcooked . no i didnt ask for them to change my order and medium rare my piece of meat because i dont think that would have mattered . nnonly exception to the fooddrinks was the chips and dip they  . nnservice nservice was decent though the waitress appeared flustered to take our orders . youre in vegas woman get use to it jk im really not a jerk but seriously youre in cosmopolitan and across from  of the hottest clubs in town .  faster . nnenvironment  like an expensive burger joint in here .  i say more nnprice ndidnt pay ... but im sure it was overpriced . nnfood 2nservice 3nenvironment 4nprice na but it i had to guess id give it a 3
__label__pos literally this place has the  burger ive eaten in my   . so good i went  days in a row . i make it a point to come here  time i visit vegas . nnonly problem which i cant dock stars for nor would i this place is only in vegas . please please please  up a  in la
__label__pos    with a     
__label__neg husband and i came here for our anniversary we had the groupon for 2 meals and a bottle of rose ... the menu seemed rather small and there wasnt many  to pick from . i had the steak frites and husband had the chicken . the fries were delicious but the steak was bland . it had no  was pink in the middle even  i specifically said i wanted it well and our waiter was really attentive and kept checking up on us ... which was nice but annoying at the same time . can i at least attempt to  my crappy  without being interrupted every few minutes my husband ate half of his chicken and said it was gross so he was done ... i tried it out sure  it was too moist ... almost as if it wasnt cooked all the way . rose was an interesting wine but from now on i just need to stick to my moscato . maybe im just too picky who knows . i just wasnt impressed . the prices were just too high and the food just wasnt worth it . i honestly would never in a million years pay full price for what we ate it just wasnt that great . definitely wish we would have just went to outbacks steakhouse.nnhowever the view was amazing . the atmosphere and decorations were really nice and the staff were friendly.nnfor those of you with groupons that want to come here ... if you  to order a meal thats more than the 32 allowed they only take off 16 from that meal instead of 32 ... makes absolutely no sense whatsoever . the pork cost 34 ... you would think that if i had ordered that id only have to pay 2 more right wrong that pork would have costed 18. this whole thing makes no sense to me .
__label__pos like  restaurant in the cosmopolitan even the cosmo itself comme ca is  presented and  to  in and look at . theres outdoor seating overlooking the strip and the right amount of lighting to take the strip in . the noise level is moderate and a nice break from the general din in lv.nnas a californian i found the seared foie gras heavenly so heavenly that i had two of them . the glazed onion alongside was wonderful with the duck confit in a crisp wrap . the steak tartare is  seasoned and perfect on the grilled bread . before that i go through a dozen kumamoto oysters.nnive also had brunch here there are good offerings . i did go the healthy route and enjoyed their oatmeal.nnservice is attentive casual and friendly . the  a good wine  and will probably make or bring whatever youd like to have if you asked for it .
__label__neg terrible experience my husband and i bought a groupon for 4d ultrasound for this office . they usually run about 100.00 so we were excited to have gotten such a deal at 35.00. we were called in from the lobby almost an hour late which i understand some times offices can get  . the us tech  us through our appointment . she had no bedside manner and was very brash in her tone . she was jabbing the us probe into my  very hard and did not once attempt to find another angle . she spoke negatively the entire time and blamed the  behavior for her not being able to get a decent picture . as i was about to complain how she was so rough with the us probe the appointment was over . it lasted about 7 minutes . we left with a cd two printed pictures and a sheet of photos printed from the us machine . we got one decent picture . the rest are very blurry . my husband and i were very disappointed and frustrated . what should have been a nice time for our family was instead a joke . i went to the front  and asked to speak to a manager and the lady said she would call  but no one came . my husband was so angry that he just wanted to leave . on our way out we noticed another disappointed couple outside . these were the people had that gone in ahead of us . this was a really bad experience that i will be  to share with as  people as people .
__label__pos when my wife and i walked in we looked around and viewed a site that made our eyes perk and our mouths water . designed in a mode that is cool eclectic and visualyou are taken on a quick pace to your table . once seated the menu challenge  . i say that because of its diversity and taking the time to decide what you really want to order.nnscanning the menuwe both made our own decisions on what to try . my wife ordered the heart and seoul burger . it is laden with a variety of items avocado kimchi onion strings a farm fresh fried egg and furikakewasabimayo with its ground angus marinated in  and soy sauces . i always having a traditional burger desire received their standard angus burger which had lettuce  onion and louie sauce . both burgers had  buns with the name i love burgers implanted in them . nnhaving been to vancouver and enjoyed them we asked for poutine fries . these are a delight within their own . golden french fries covered with brown gravy mushrooms and carmelized onions could have been a meal unto itself we asked them to leave the cheese off since i am lactose intolerant.nnfor dessert we had a piece of  chocolate fudge cake that ended our meal on a high sumptuous peaknnsummary the burgers were truly a pure delight my wife never once stopped eating hers and enjoyed every element of it .  was one that could always be used to show how a traditional american hamburger should be  and created . i want to compliment their manager mark for coming to check and see how things were going and our waitress ashley who made sure everything was in place.nnas a burger buff i can say if you love burgers you will love i love burgers . the  quality service and environment makes this a stop you will always want to hang out at when heading to vegas unlike gamblingevery dollar you spend here guarantees to make you a culinary winner
__label__pos i want to preface this review by saying that im close friends with one of the sushi chefs in training so we got a seat right at the sushi bar and really had a great opportunity to chat . that being said i will review this strictly on the quality of  since we received some deep discounts due to being vip guests . cmon now you know you all get discounts too when you personally know the staffchefs so quit your whininnnthe quality of the fish was excellent ... some of the best sushi ive had in my existence . the key to getting good sushi is to trust in the chef and ask them what is fresh and what they would suggest omakase style . nnwe had a sashimi appetizer platter to start which featured blue fin yellow tail otoro yes the good stuff and a few other pieces . served with fresh wasabi root not the hydrated green powdery stuff this appetizer really woke our stomachs and senses.nnwe had a few different rolls per the chefs suggestion and all were spectacular including some off the menu rolls . the kim bap  was highly recommended and the quality was definitely  better than most koreanmom kim bop rolls ive had in my life.nnwe asked for amaebi sweet shrimp which was soft tender and sweet with perfectly fried shrimp head to back . this was the first time ive had such perfectly made amaebi and its made me want to continue my search in chicago.nnsome tasty mochi desserts a few bottle of sake and all in all it was a very enjoyable night for my compadres and i. nnim sorry for those that have found a bad experience at otaku as it sounds like most of it is waitstaff issues ... but as a sushi fanatic my advice to you is thisnn1 . dont ask for a table if youre party is smaller than 4 ... ask for a spot at the sushi counter because thats how sushi is meant to be  . getting to know your chef the chef getting to know you having drinks together etc . nn2 . ask the chef what heshe recommends . not all fish are equally fresh and the chef will  whats best for the day . and if you can provide them with your own past experience of what you likeddidnt like theyll likely craft a sushi  for you that youll love.nnverdict if only otaku were in chicago ... i might  broke . delicious sushi and worth a visit
__label__neg  was cold  not properly  through   to be uninterested in service i  you get what you  for 
__label__pos i  the food here more than my companions did but one thing we all agreed on was that whoever designed this  was bloody insane . ok they have this nonironic  80s music playing and these weird little uniforms on the  and the fugliest  decoration photos of food wrapped up in clothes . npicture a shiitake mushroom leaning up against a highheeled shoe that sort of thing . bogus.noh yeah id definitely come  for the chow but id  blinders and ear plugs .
__label__neg i revisited  spoon . sadly  the service  my expectations but the food was cold and  wasnt  . perhaps i  at the wrong time it costed too  not to be  .
__label__pos love how they have preset portions scooped out in mini pots that you can grab . its a perfect size not too much and just enough to taste which is what all buffet goers  a taste of everything without being full from grabbing too much in the beginning . this buffet is smart they are saving  of money from those that grab too much and end up wasting a plateful of food.nncame here for lunch on a weekday no line 23.nni will have to say that some of the asian dishes were not that great . this may be biased since i am asian and know what it should taste like but i think anyone  agree . the hai gaw dim sum shrimp dumpling was dry and crumbly like it was not steamed . the chicken adobe was dry and not edible . nncouldnt   but dishes that  out were the curries salads and desserts . nnthere is a wonderful array of desserts displayed in all colors so pretty and tastes just as pretty as it looks the desserts saved me from those horrible tasting asian dishes.nnservice was good . also loved how the water we  is served in this clean fresh looking bottleit tasted  too not like tap water .
__label__neg we ate there tonight after reading all the yelp reviews . we were trying to find something better and different than our regular bellagio . i was a bit disappointed because most of the items written about and pictured here were not offered . im not  if a limited menu was offered because it was a weeknight . weeknight and weekend night prices are the same 35 so the menus should be comparable . i was really looking forward to some items other  reviewers enjoyed . some of the items i noticed were missing from the buffet included pad thai sesame chicken mussels pork buns although the guy told me it was a morning menu item tacos al pastor macarons i dont care for them but i know many people love them and they were missing from the buffet the little painted egg shell dessert cups fried chicken sweet potato fries mac n cheese bar chicken apple sausage kalbi head on shrimp really wanted this one and many others . in fact i didnt think there was anything on the menu worth the 35. the best items were the corn on the cob with cilantro butter and the watermelon wfeta . i still feel the bellagio buffet with the chilean sea bass is a better deal . plus bellagio serves several more expensive buffet items and provides a nicer variety . nni was also pretty annoyed by all the individual dishes and pans . the pans were bulky and heavy to carry . at a buffet i often like to take just a spoonful of a dish to try before fully committing . many of the dishes were too much of a commitment . i wanted to try the  but i didnt want to take a whole pot of it . the tables were also too small for so many dishes . to give the staff credit they did a great job clearing the tables . while trying to juggle and arrange everything on the table i dropped my  and our server came right over to replace it . the bottle of water at the table was  but it was poured into a tiny glass with no ice . its august in vegas and i wanted cold water . after refusing the bottle of wine i was surprise the bottle was left on the tiny table taking up precious table real estate . nnwe wanted to try something new this time around . we usually eat at an on strip buffet at least once while we visit vegas because its not a trip to vegas without a vegas buffet . our other meals are usually is off the  . we initially wanted to try the wynn buffet because weve never tried it but went with wicked spoon instead . ive eaten at studio b spices lago carnival village seafood le village and bellagio . it seems like i eat at bellagio at least once every time im in vegas . i just ate there two weeks  when i was last here . we dont always eat at buffets . i had a great meal at social house in the crystals shopping center and had a great hot dog at pinks during my last visit but buffets always seems to be the easiest meal option when youre with a larger group or with a picky eater . i dont eat nearly enough to make buffets worth the price . but i do try to make up for it by eating the more expensive items like seafood or duck . nnthe buffet it not terrible but not great .
__label__pos we paid 44 per  for dinner.nnhonestly i really dislike buffets . nothing ever really wows me or makes me mouth water so for me to find even one food item that i actually like is surprising . at wicked spoon i found three.nnmission figs blue cheese and candied baconnwild boar sloppy joenduck raviolinni really dont like bacon and blue cheese but man the figs so impeccably sweet tangy and salty with a bite . amazing i could probably gorge myself on just this.nnwild boar sloppy joe it had an interesting flavor that i cant really describe only it was pulled meat and ohsogood.nnduck raviolo again really interesting flavor . i really liked it though . it was extremely creamy and flavorful.nnthese three items  would make me  here again . buffets never really make me happy or  except maybe this  . as long as they had these items  .
__label__neg i dont know what all the hype is about but im guessing it was for dinner because sunday brunch sucked definitely not worth the 35 dollars . nnyayndesserts cheesecake gelato rice pudding carrot cake and the strawberries from the chocolate covered strawberries were all the things i liked from this buffet.nyou have the option of paying 10 extra for  brunch which was nice . nnnaynfood why is everything so salty im surprised no one is tasting the food before it  out . after i was done eating my tongue  sore from the abrasiveness of all the salty food.nvariety they dont have that many . there was an abundance of pork though . bacon sausage breakfast sausage and sausage patties and andouille roasted pork chinese 5 spiceskin was not crispy chinese pork ribs and at the carving stationpork belly bacon was really tough and roasted pork ribs . they had a small section of asian foodeverything was bleh or too salty spanishitalian foods a large breakfast station a breakfast omelette station a make your own cereal station salad bar dessert and the only soup being offered was a miso soup and guess what yes thats salty as well . ncarving station i guess its my fault for not asking about what was being served before i waited in line but there was no prime rib im just so used to all the buffets in  offering it but this was a huge disappointment . the only thing they had were roasted chicken top sirloin bone marrow and roast pig . i liked that they had bone marrow but the toast that was served with it and the  was salty ugh it had like a  garlic salt taste to itnthe guy at the carving station was very inattentive . didnt seem like he wanted to be there . a customer asked for a slice of prime rib and he gave him a slice of top sirloin . didnt even try to correct him and say that it wasnt prime rib . maybe he didnt hear him but like i said very inattentive . i had to wave him down once because he was staring off  else.nni  regret coming here for brunch .
__label__neg easily one of the most over  buffets in vegas due to the quality of food and service .  was no bueno best thing this place has was the  cocktail . desserts offered were  nothing  . service was  plates were not cleared wasnt busy or  took 15 minutes to  our drinks and they brought out the wrong drinks . maybe they were having a bad night i dont know if i would come back .
__label__neg i  to this buffet with three other people and none of us  it . the buffet presentation was great as stated in pervious reviews . the actual menu was the  for me . i dont think i was   to enjoy their offerings . the item that stood out to me the most was the  that still had eyes and legs . the dessert was very mediocre and looked  than it tasted . i spent most of my time  around the buffet with an empty plate because the food was totally different from what i would normally eat . im glad it worked for some but its just not for me
__label__pos im in love with this place . its just got amazing energy . great music good although expensive drinks good people gogo dancers crazy light show etc.nni started out with a beer which i believe was 6 and then switched to mixed drinks which were 11. on my second vodka redbul i asked for double and the bar tender gave it to me for the same 11 price as the single so that was sweet . also had a great gin and tonic . service is slow though lots of folks and the bar tenders arent in a rush . they are however pretty nice once they get around to you . the place is filled with chairs and couches but people also kinda get up and dance in the empty space  there is no real  floor . i actually found that somewhat appealing it  what little formality there is in club dancing and makes it completely casual . most folks were in club  dressed and button up shirts but there were a few folks dressed down a bit and that didnt seem to be a problem there is no bouncer . the music that night was also super  . chris cutz was in from san diego and  melted faces . right song at the right time every time lots of bass and hard beats . their sound system in general is of pretty good quality .
__label__pos the wife was  ... this place is quite nice . it was our first night out in vegas on a recent trip . i am not a big fan of the club music  jean clubs in vegas ... so this place was a welcome reprieve . nnit is hard not to miss . beautiful  adorn every square inch of ceiling . there was an awesome band playing ...  out of the bettie  era . thus it seemed to  a more nondouchy crowd . drinks were  as usual but heavy on the flavor and alcohol . its easy to  a place to sit and enjoy some music without it being too loud . very very cool spot .
__label__pos it is a classy  . bar tender was attentive and  about mixing to my  . although a  slow  there was a flow of people in and out . good for people  and striking up a casual  . i highly recommend it . check out all 3  .
__label__neg what a disappointment ... in terms of food and service . we also did u00e8 a few months ago so we  the gin and tonic would be good ... which it was with its cool globe shaped ice cube ... nnnow food ... the only things we thought were really good were the veal checks.. very tender and soft.. and also the cannelloni noodle with the pork filing.. very rich but good . nnthe tomato bread seemed soggy.. the croquettes while served in a playful shoe were only ok ... the bacalao empanadas were like fried greasy wontons . the asparagus was tender but only tasty if  dipped it in the sauce it came with which wasnt enough togo around . we had a sample of the lobster paella ... the rice was dry and tasteless lobster was overdone ... so glad we didnt order it.nnnow service ... there was some major disconnect between the server and other servers as well as with us.. moreso than i have ever seen before at a restaurant.nour first round of ordering i ordered a dish that never came.. so when we asked about he he was like oh i wasnt sure if you wanted me to put it in ... then when we said yeah.. we do.. he was like oh actually well the chef wasnt happy with this dish tonight so we suggest you try another dish similar to that ... . ok ... . but it was weird he never told us this.nnnext time he said we have lobster paella now but later they are making shortrib paella . we said we would like the short rib paella when it comes out..and then ordered some other dishes . meanwhile a waitress comes by 15 min later with a plate and says the waiter said you were interested in the paella so here is a sample of the lobster paella . we tasted it and thought  glad we ordered the shortrib cuz this isnt that good . meanwhile other small plates come out and we said oh is the short rib paella coming still . then he was like all oh i wasnt sure if you wanted it and we were like yeah we ordered the shortrib ... hes like oh but didnt the waitress give you a sample . we were very confused.. he said oh the  decided to go with lobster all night and not do the short rib ... ok ... . why didnt you tell us this when we clearly ordered it nnso much confusion ... so awkward ... and so overpriced . the dishes were not that well executed and staff seemed not wellmeshed . i thought  when we were seated at the bar before our reservation at  that it was awkward that they forgot about us and we got seated to u00e9 late even though we were very early.. but apparently staff disconnect is a common theme here ... .
__label__pos my girlfriend and i decided to swing on in and try this place out on a whim . you wouldnt expect to find this lonely eatery among the few remaining establishments  along a longvacated row of storefronts it shares in this oncethriving strip mall but there it is nnand thank the heavens that this little gem has managed to ride out the last few years financial turmoil and still be there to deliver good food at good prices to good people . maybe thats the real reason theyre still aroundnninside you are welcomed by a split dining room that is sparsely adorned and clearly outdated with a spattering of yooperuppermichigan paraphenalia hung about but that helps to reinforce the relaxed and comfortable attitude both the staff and menu display . nnits obvious that this  thrives on the elderlyoriented business from the various mobile home parks assistedliving homes and retirement communities surrounding it . winter packs this place tight with snow birds at meal times however red mountain cafe has something for everyone and the wait is never unreasonable . my girlfriend and i are spirited young adults and even we found it to be a place we can relate to.nnthe menu is classic american comfort food all the way . totally an eggs n bacon for breakfast sandwiches and burgers for lunch type of affair with a few americanized mexican efforts tossed in but not recommended . this is where postgame golfers go to lounge with a refreshing coke in hand and debate whether coleslaw is more american than potato salad while they both share a basket of sweet potato fries nnall the food we have tried aside from the chimichanga has been decent . the philly cheesesteak one of my favorite items on the menu isnt what id  entirely authentic but its a darn tasty interpretation  thick cuts of fresh roast beef and a buttered toasted hoagie bunnnprices are very reasonable . both thirdpound and halfpound burgers are available for the hungry and the hungrier . both the burgers and the decentlysized sandwiches not huge but filling and tasty range from 47. most menu items outside of breakfast come with at least one generous side with primary choices being coleslaw potato salad french fries or a side salad . various specials are posted on a board as you walk in and there is a soupoftheday available as well.nnthe quality of the ingredients is excellent and the taste of all items we have tried has been very good . this isnt worldclass dining by a long stretch but better than the dennys alternative service is what youd expect from a place where regulars are  to by name and the overall value for your money and time is highnnif you can take a few minutes out of your day to enjoy this easygoing diner with horrible decor i know youll just love it
__label__neg overall disappointed . the portion sizes were terrible for the  and the bartender since we sat at the bar failed to tell us that the dish we ordered and appetizer would not be enough for a lunch for two . we ordered the pigs on horseback due to its hype . they were definitely the best thing we had though they were on the dry side and  something i think a crisp  style dipping sauce could have easily fixed . we also ordered the beijing glass noodles which promised to be a light vegetarian dish to compliment our heavy pork  appetizer . the  came out and the whole dish was a little larger than my  . more of a side really . it seemed like they had marinated everything in sesame oil and had little other flavor . since we were still hungry we ordered a couple of tacos thinking the other side of the menu would be good . wrong . the tinga poblano was really flavorless and the cochinita was even worse . the pork had a bland dippedina1 taste and the onions didnt add anything to the  other than filler that distracted me from the taco . the service was terrible . our  was attentive to our waters but failed to help us decide anything and generally acted aloof and a bit shady . the decor was enjoyable and the idea i think is awesome . i really hope they step their game up . probably the worst restaurant to eat at in the cosmo . i will not be returning .
__label__neg we went there for our anniversary last week.nnmy husband ordered the complete tasting menu with wine pairing and i ordered the 3 course tasting menu.nnthe service was horrible . starving they made me wait 1 hour for my first appetizer and 1 hour and 12 for the second which they made a mistake by  me my husbands order it was a mini portion of a cooked fish with the top being cooked but the inside totally raw i mean if we wanted sashimi we would go to a sushi restaurant why would we pay 400 for tasting menu when they cant even cook a piece of fish . so in 2 hours and 12 i pretty much had 1 appetizer and 1 cocktail . nnon  of the awful food for my husbands second dish the waiter served him his wine 30 minutes before they served him his dish so by the time he got anything to eat the wine was already finished and we were told no refills . for his third dish he got the food 30 minutes before they served him his wine so by the time my husband received his wine for his wine pairing he was already done eating.nnit was truly a horrible experience.nni was really starving . we were  at 630pm and furiously left the restaurant by 9pm . in 2 hours 12 ive had 1 appetizer and my husband had 3 courses of his 6  tasting menu with 1 of the 3 being raw.nnwhat else can i say about this restaurantnnwe did not expect to get this low  of service and food for this type of restaurant . it was really disapointing .
__label__pos  here a  late like 3am . no need to wait in line we already had our night set up . didnt get the  on experience because it was so late but what i did get ... i liked nnawesome djs ... beautiful setup . bit crowded of course but lots of energy and  of funnndash berlin edx hardwell and black jerrellnnlike em on facebook to get all the latest info on lineup and announcementsnnbtw i have no idea what people are talking about with 1000000 stairs . we took an elevator up and a cool glass  on the way down all the way to the bottom  .
__label__pos sometimes i just like to go out drink dance and interact with strangers all while getting my ear drums assaulted by what can only be described as nasty bass drops . yes sometimes i like to go to clubs . and tao group has almost never failed me in my clubgoing experiences and marquee was no different.nnthe first  i went was a brief walk through essentiallywent with a friend who does not handle enclosed crowded spaces well .  . i know . so after a quick walk through we left and i figured id never be back because while nothing displeased me at the club i really only go if im guaranteed seating and a place to hide the heels that ive kicked off.nnnearly a year  came back for my best friends birthday and she had a table bingo so i got to stay play and experience . i honestly dont know where we were in the club just at a table near one of the bars but we could  a lot of the dance floor action and had a decent  of the djs stage . what i liked about marquee mostly had to do with service . typically when you get a compd table particularly with all girls  is pretty subpar there are other words i could use ... because the busser and hostess make an unfortunate assumption that a table of girls is not going to tip well . our hostess did not do thatshe was so nice came back to check on us frequently and didnt treat us like second class citizens . even if she didnt want to be bothered with us she never showed it . so we left her a fat tip . its very simple dont be a bitch and well leave a  tip.nnthe music was great the dj was fun and someone threw a whole bunch of dollar bills onto the dance floorso all in all a great experience . not sure i would come back without a table because of personal preference but would recommend marquee for an authentic vegas nightclub experience .
__label__pos ive visited 2x in one month and still want to go back to marquee . both times were at night and both times were a blast . nngetting innplan ahead . figure out your vegas hookup and utilize . i wish i could be more helpful here but we were a bachelorette party one night and i dont know how the guys we met the other night got us in greased the door it was past midnight . anyways have a plan . we arrived by 10 and though it was a little slow inside its worth it to come early to make the process super smooth . escorted in and the best part was our elevator ride . the man holding the door open was bouncing with a little head nod singing to the back of the elevata.. to the back of the elevata and as the doors closed he changed to its a party in the elevata.. party in the elevata.. then he gives us the rundown of the club and as the doors  he closes with ya got ta dance of the elevata.. dance off the elevata.. yes you had to be there but its worth describing one of my favorite moments of vegas in a dimly lit elevator laughing and dancing with the marquee guy . nnatmospherenhuge . thats what she said . we tried exploring the whole place but with all the up and down unmarked  we quickly got disinterested and went back to the main floor w an indoor dance floor and outdoor poolside lounge area . its a little warm  for my  but my friends who get cold easily loved it so i just knocked back a few icecold jack and cokes and strolled around the pool w them . point being theres something for everyone here . nncrowdncrowd is what you make of it . all the girls ive met here are super fun and nice and sweet i mean most of them are w a bachelorette party and celebrating something fun so youd hope theyd be friendly . my friends would tell you if theres a fight to be found at a club ill find it no ive never actually fought anyone . i just put my foot in my mouth a lot anyways . no catty ladies here . women will take photos of you w your friends and then tell you you look great be sure to reciprocate guys range . from fun and  charming to selfabsorbed dbag reminders that chivalry is dead . nnstating the obviousn dancing on the designated dance floor at vegas clubs is pointless unless you like a bumpercar version of dancing.. ndrinks are not cheap . either find the guys w bottle service that want to share or pony up at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere that comes with your beverage.nevery bachelorette and her mom is here on a saturday night.nngreat spot . great hotel . great time .
__label__pos in theory i love marquee ... in reality not so much.nnthe good 3 stars the club is huge with 3 floors each housing their own genre of  . its a beautiful space without a doubt . theres an inside and outside to cool down when it gets too hot inside there are great views of the strip outside and everyone is dressed to the nines because its a tier1 club in vegas . theres worldclass talent multiple nights a week spinning here but if youre not an edm kind of person theres also a hip hop floor and top 40. that being said ... nnthe bad 2 stars what kind of idiotic structural designer made a club where girls need to walk updown 5 flights of stairs to get in that part never  sense to me . i love my leg workouts but hobbling down 5  in 5 inch heels after a night of dancing gets ... well it gets fucking annoying . to get from one floor to the other is a massive shitshow when youre drunk and the layout of the club makes it impossible to find anyone . i found the nightclub to be a nightmare to navigate every single time ive come here . the circular labyrinth layout makes it easier to find waldo in a sea of patriotic colors than a damn bathroom to relieve myself in because the club looks the same from every angle the stairs too which really doesnt help when youre trying to figure out which floor youre on . and youd think that for a club inside the cosmo and with so much clout and real estate space theyve make a bigger main dancefloor . if youre not on the main dancefloor by 11pm youre not getting on it for the rest of the night unless you tip the bouncer a 50.nnthe other good that i readded a star for secret pizza . this amazing pizzeria is inside the cosmo and when you see everyone exiting marquee and making their way there follow them its got to be the best drunk food ive ever had.nnmarquee was one of those clubs i wanted to  because the concept is great multiple floors insideoutside great djs different genres goodlooking crowd etc . but couldnt because some designer totally cut out the practical  of his work . i can usually only stand being here for an hour or two before heading over to wynn and encore to finish my night . anyways ... nndayclub that got another star in my opinion a lot better than the nightclub part of marquee . theres  people the heat gets you drunk faster everyone looks their best in the summer servers are  and its not insanely hard to get a drink . i was front and center for dash berlin when he played here . i still think encore beach club is more fun but marquee is definitely among the best dayclubs you can go to in vegas .
__label__neg drawbacks n took at least an hour to  seated 915 reservation 1015 seatedn every dish we requested was sold out so the entire  had snappern had to ask our waiter for a cocktail and he didnt end up bringing itn had to go to the bar for a cocktail while we were seatedn brought the salad with the entree when we requested it before they said it comes with dinnern the manager was absolutely dreadful . he kept pushing us off just saying that the restaurant was busy . in the end he picked up a round of  off of our bill . that does not make up for the lack of service we  . nnpositives n  room n the tomato salad was good and freshnnultimately i would not suggest this restaurant . there are too many restaurants in las vegas that are able to pull off good service and good food . without the poor service the food wouldnt make me a repeat customer .
__label__pos this was a strange review to write as the food is top notch and deserves five stars . the only reason i gave it four was due to two issues that will be  to some people . first the cheapest bottle of red wine was 70 which i think is ridiculous . i dont think its asking too much to have a 50 bottle of wine on your menu . i like wine with food but am not a connoisseur so the difference between a 50 bottle and a 100 bottle is nil to me . second youre much better served going with a group of four or larger .  and appetizers state they serve two to four and they are huge and way too large for two people . you will also have far more seafood options if you are ordering for more than two  as the seafood bar more to come later selections are usually two pounds or more . nnon to the food ... amazing . your server will take you to what is essentially a seafood market inside of the restaurant . there is a large bed of ice on which are laid their seafood selections for the evening . each selection has a small sign which indicates the name of the selection and the price per pound . most were in the 50lb . range . we had originally ordered a mediterranean sea bass but it was only available at two lbs . or larger so she recommended a similar selection that i can neither remember nor pronounce at a pound and a half . two lbs . would have been far too large for the two of  and we were not interested in leftovers . the seafood was so fresh and simply prepared . it was grilled lightly seasoned and  with a little oil . they let the seafood be the star and it is incredible . our appetizer was the spreads which included tzatziki hummus tarmosalata and fava . it was great but it was so large we maybe ate a third of it at most as we didnt want to fill up on an  . with the seafood we also ordered a  of their grilled peppers . again great but a huge portion and over half of it was uneaten . outstanding meal all the  around but paid for a good amount of food we couldnt eat . also its pretty amazing that all the fresh seafood can be on ice in the middle of the restaurant and yet no fishy smell .
__label__pos  is for restaurant    menunnthis was a four course meal with no choice for each of the courses . nncourse 1 carpaccio of mediterranean caught fish with fresh herbs citrus afrala sea salt and extra virgin olive oil . the fish was so delicate and so tasty . the olive oil and the salt made the dish . it was very good.nncourse 2 grilled octopus with roasted peppers and assorted grilled mushrooms . another winner of a dish . the octopus was so tasty and the mushrooms were very good . nncourse 3 grilled mediterranean sea bass . it was the whole fish with the head cut off and placed to the left of the opened fish . the server cautioned me about avoiding the collar bones which were attached to the meat . a very tasty fish perfectly cooked to preserve its moistness.nncourse 4 greek walnut cake with kaimaki ice cream . very tasty cake and flavorful ice cream . nnthe meal came with a basked of bread2 slices in my casei was dining alone . there was a small dish into which the server poured olive oil for dipping the bread.nni really like the room . the decor is very nice that id like to call modern rustic . the lights have small filaments in a twist formation that give off a pleasant glow . the furniture is modern.nnservice was quite good given that there was a party of about 20 people that came about 10 minutes after me and they took a lot of time.nna few things keep this from getting 5 stars . between the second and third course the waiter removed my bread and olive oil . as he was doing it he said youre done with the bread right i was so surprised by his question and his taking that i just shook my head in agreement . maybe he thought i had eaten the main course and would soon have dessert . maybe i should have jammed a fork into his hand if i had one . hed already taken that . nnthere were several small bones in the main part of the fish . i could just imagine being a judge on chopped and having my say about that . very surprising.nnlast i wish theyd shut the door to the outside . it was saturday night and not too far from the entrance are some table games at the cosmopolitan . theres also a lot of foot traffic out there of 20 somethings whod spent part of the day at the poolnot just swimming and ogling the ladiesbut also indulging in the spirits of their choice . they were loud and it carried into the  . close the door.nni am a fan of milos . i will return and i think ill do so for their lunch special . it should be quieter too
__label__neg  service .   not  once   .  products . would not recommend the  .
__label__pos after getting out with some great friends of ours for the first time in a while we decided to take them to saucemans . im a huge bbq fan and saucemans was one of the places left on my list in town . though this location doesnt seem to be much from the outside it definitely holds a firm place in my bbqloving soul  the other varietals in town . nni had passed by this little building so many times on my way in and out of uptown and always wanted to stop in . its pretty small inside with some tables and a walkup counter to order at . nnwe started with some fried pickles and onion rings .  pickles are somewhat of a ubiquitous  in town . throw a stone in any direction and there is a joint that serves em the same as a few others in town . they werent really anything to write home about . i actually wasnt too thrilled with the flavor and only ate a couple . the onion rings were great . thick but battered cooked correctly so you dont end up pulling out the entire onion from the inside of the batter housing . well done here ladies and gents in the kitchen . nni ordered the thick cut pork . nice chunks of pork and a nice change of pace from my typical  of the chopped variety . i really enjoyed the  pieces and eating them with a fork and knife . the flavor was  and their carolina mustard bbq sauce was a stupendous addition . the hushpuppies they serve with each meal are some of the best ive had in town . huge ones too . not small like others ive had which was a  change as well . i just freaking love hushpuppies all around . very happy with my entree . nnanother big plus was the fact that they had triple cs smoked amber on draught . such an incredible brew and works rather well with  . nnthe service was great . one girl and a few people in the kitchen were holding down the entire operation . nnnext time i might check out their wings as ive heard they are of note . nnneedless to say im stoked about heading back to saucemans rather soon .
__label__pos loved this place . we were a large group coming in  to   and he   down with no problem . we tried almost every appetizer . all good . all fried but good . i had the 3 meat  and really wish i just  the brisket . i thought that the best . large portions  . will definately come back here . was here back in december
__label__neg    with greasy limp crab and   please.nnno thanks .
__label__pos  down the best service in townnnwe were regulars here for a long  only stopped coming after moving far away . the staff is  and the subs are fresh and delicious . we usually  the veggie . their bread is lovely and the veggies great  with lots of red wine  . nnlove this 
__label__pos   late .   .   .  
__label__pos   slices and only two  beer  but one was stone  . cool  in the cosmo pool table lobby area . found the  easily  to yelp
__label__pos vegas just wouldnt be the same for me without  visits to secret pizza its been a good two years since my last trip to sin city and im proud to say that its still the real deal i took a girlfriend here with me on our first night and at 3am it was still  and still in the same spot on the 4th floor of the cosmo . she marveled at how theres no signage no listing and i replied thats why its a secret lol even at 3am theres a long line but thankfully everything moves pretty quickly . true to vegas party scene everyone in line with us was pretty much wasted and the folks behind us were obnoxiously drunk . nnwe finally got to the front and the pizza guy chit chatted with us about what slices they were  at that time . i honestly marvel at how nice everyone is at secret pizza because if i had to deal with all the tomfoolery i dont think id be nearly as patient . we each got two slices and a coke to go . the prices have gone up from 3.50 to 4.75 per slice with an additional .50 per topping . still not so  when you consider that youre in a very touristy area and it is 3am . nnoverall still a really great experience and literally a hidden gem on the las vegas strip . we came back the next night again for secret pizza as we were hanging out at the bar and my girlfriend  back a third time the next night because she wanted to make sure she got another slice before we headed back home now that is some gooooood pizza folks may you be very lucky during your  to  and may your stomach be blessed with the deliciousness of secret pizza
__label__pos my meal and experience at blue ribbon featured the best sushi sashimi and other japanese fare that i have had yet six of us ventured to the restaurant with our friend and veteran sushi chef and through his connections dishes were selected and brought to us  rather than ordering off the menu.nnwe began with a couple plates of fresh delicious meltinyourmouth hamachi yellowtail sashimi dosed in a light soy sauce based dressing and topped with thin slices of jalapeu00f1o and perfectly seared ahi tuna in its own tantalizing sauce tossed with fresh scallions and mixed greens on the side.nnnext was the highlight of our night the blue ribbon special . a twofoot wooden platter  with carefullycarved fish skeletons and intricate cucumber designs was filled with an extravagant variety of specialty sashimi and rolls . this included raw uni sea urchin on a bed of lemon slices in its own casing a pile of lightly marinated raw jellyfish spicy crab rolls roses made of  tuna sashimi madai japanese red snapper sashimi and sake salmon sashimi thin slices of sawara spanish mackerel sashimi lined along its own skeleton the blue ribbon special roll with 12 lobster shiso and black caviar the dragon special roll with avocado eel and radish sprouts and finally hirame fluke sashimi with its skeleton . everything was extremely fresh delicious and simply amazing.nnto add to an already overthetop meal the chef brought us the karai ise ebi roll spicy lobster in an egg wrapper topped with black caviar and unagi fresh water eel nigiri . then kobe beef tartare carefully topped with fresh scallions and  yolk and their version of fried chicken that you dip in a tasty wasabi honey sauce . i finished the meal with a couple of the best spicy tuna salmon and yellowtail hand rolls ive ever had.nntheir fresh and decadent desserts didnt disappoint either . ginger bread pudding with vanilla ice cream and candied yuzu amazing green tea azuki bean and mandarin orange mochi ice cream and lastly  chocolate cake with green tea ice cream best tasting gt ice cream hands down.nnwhen it  to freshness creativity and attention to detail blue ribbon is arguably the best sushi restaurant in town . the only con is certainly its price tag our whole meal with a few drinks and a cold bottle of sake sales tax and very generous gratuity was approximately 1000 for six . if youre dining as a couple the blue  special platter will be all you need for a satisfying meal and it could even stretch to comfortably feed four . that being said its a toss whether or not the food and dining experience is worth the cost however i  definitely love an encore .
__label__pos the sauce  good .     yummmm . i always get the  pork but the  favorite is the exploding pig . a must  for bbq lovers .
__label__pos love it . great place to beat the heat . the only reason anyone would give this place a bad review is to discourage others from going there . it was super duper clean inside.the owner worked the crowd and mingled to chit chat up all of the parents.yes the  that is named to be a meanie by other reviewers . he was very nice . be  to make sure everyone has socks . including mom and dad . great area for parents to sit and relax . my kids had so much fun here . i even went down the slide a few times too . perfect for my very active two  old . nice place . nice people . and most important its air conditioned . also no noisy video  . no chiming whirring chirping.no electronic mumbo jumbo . just good  fashioned fun .  you for making such a great placenmommies of girls  why oh why do you insist on your girls wearing  to go sliding and playing seriously put some shorts or pants on those girls .
__label__neg no.nwalk away . nthe design and  of this place makes me cringe . the  here are sweet . i had fun bsing with them while ordering my coffees . i stayed at the cosmo for a  and got coffee here 3 times only out of convenience . each and every time a simple  coffee and  coffee taste foul and the  were in there . i  grabbed coffees for others at va bene cafe but their mochas latte and coffee all had faults to them . nni walked to starbucks across the street at planet hollywood or even walgreens will better  .
__label__neg i am so  at the good reviews for this dental practice my husband and i had the worst experiences . i have never written a bad review but would like to stop someone from this mistake.nnwe both went in for yearly basic cleanings . my husbands appointment was a day before mine . at 6 at night they  to talk him into a root canal that night he had not had any pain mind you . he called me and i said it was fishy they were trying to talk him into it that night . he said no to that but they did talk him into a deep cleaning . he did half that night and was supposed to do the other half the next day when i went in as well.nfor my appointment they took tons of xrays then sat me in the chair . the doc came in and went over all the procedures they  i should have . my 2 remaining wisdom teeth pulled five cavity fills and a deep cleaning . i consider my teeth in very good shape and have had no pain whatsoever . as they were going over their recommendations i noticed on the computer screen everything had patient accepts next to it . i said i did not want anything  the basic cleaning that was covered 100 by my  dental insurance . they then went on to lie to me and say that since i needed deep cleaning that my insurance would not pay for a basic cleaning . i could not believe it . i walked out with nothing and called my insurance company . they said theyve never heard of that and that i am fully covered for one basic cleaning a year and theyd never deny that . i was shocked . ni could go on and on but the short of it is that we ended up with a 400 bill for my husbands deep cleaning after insurance paid another 400 hundred dollarsnthey are major scam artists they take your electronic  and transpose it onto receipts  sign anything electronically while lying in the chair getting the procedure done as they had my husband donwe went to at stills since then and the professors told my husband they had even botched his deep cleaning  rethink choosing tempe modern dentistry
__label__pos i had a great experience here . in my trip to vegas i loved being able to get a great breakfast at 1am . our server jesse was very accommodating and on his job . the atmosphere in the cosmopolitan was awesome  lighting  and the  was playing some smooth mixes . nni had the the  breakfast with avocado and sourdough bread .  coffee to balance out all my  drinking . i cant  to come back next  im in las vegas .
__label__neg on my last visit to las vegas i had breakfast at the henry on two separate occasions . the henry has been a regular breakfast stop every time id stayed at the cosmopolitan . it had been up until now a model of consistency given its highend 24hour casino diner status . however both visits on this trip provided wildly different experiences which also offered two distinct data points indicating that things are amiss at the henry.nnfirst good consistent service has noticeably slipped . on saturday morning around 11am with a party of  our service was  friendly and attentive . on tuesday morning around 10am service was largely awol as it took over 25 minutes for our breakfasts to come out after placing our orders with no interim stops at our table by our server to check up on us or to explainapologize for the excessive wait for our food . second the food quality execution and portion sizes have nosedived . i had the short rib benedict 19 on saturday . while it was still a tender flavorful and savory hunk of meat it was noticeably a much smaller portion than id received on previous trips to the henry . the short rib isnt served atop an english muffin but instead a potato hash . however this  the hash was desiccated crispy flavorless and not very  . it wasnt a good  for this previously awesome dish . on tuesday i had the breakfast burrito 16. it too was noticeably smaller than i remembered . more damning was that after the excessive wait to get it the burrito was only warm not hot and seemingly soggy and limp . it had likely sat around for a while before being brought out to me . however the ultimate failure was that i bit into a foreign object an inchlong sliver of clear plastic found in the center of my burrito . while the server did the right and only thing and  my burrito of our bill it was really too late to recover from an  experience . at least the illy coffee that they serve was good and hot on both visits.nneveryone has an off day . that said the slippage at the henry is painfully  . while i will stay at the cosmopolitan again the same cant be said about a return visit to the henry .
__label__pos id   back just for the sweet potato chips and the patio dining . its a perfect place for lunch . two can share many of the menu  . we  the pear and gorgonzola flatbread . the service and the orange blossom iced tea  provide an   . nnim eager to try some of the other flat breads as well as the smoked trout beignets the white bean chili and some of the salads . dont pass this up if you are in downtown scottsdale .
__label__pos the herb box is good.nnfor  the   is an awesome combination of wonderful breakfast foods . i especially liked that it had the fingerling potatoes mixed in . but really you can put potatoes in anything and ill like it.nntoday i had lunch at the herb box and was pleasantly surprised with their fish taco special . seriously i didnt expect tacos this good at a place with such varied food styles as the herb box . nnwhat keeps me from giving the   that final star are the prices and service . the food is  but just a few bucks more than what i usually want to spend . the service isnt awful but it has that slightly snobbish scottsdale vibe . little things like that make me want to stay in central phoenix and out of downtown scottsdale .
__label__pos candy  . this is the   to  candy addict . situated right off the busy  of mill ave this candy shop is perfectly placed because its embedded right in the  of all the action . the candy gets a little pricey but they have a nice selection and unique  . its definitely  every sugar filled penny
__label__pos   and     are  
__label__pos okay i really wanted to not like this place . i did not go for dinner . with a crew of 8 i went to the sunday brunch . 10.00 bottomless champagne . i repeat 10.00 bottomless  . okay  be told its sparkling wine but who cares . they refill pretty regularly . youll be tipsy enough that you wont care that they charge 12.00 a carafe for juice in the event you want to make your own bellini or mimosa . nthe brunch menu is pretty varied and is surprisingly reasonable . the scones are miniscones and are delicious . it does come with devonshire cream and jam on the side as they should . the eggs benedict are some of the best . truffled hollandaise was a nice touch . go for the regular eggs benedict and not necessarily the short ribs . the regular ones really are the best flavored . the bacon is good if you want to be really decadent go for the pork belly . it is fatty goodness.nthe stuffed french toast was more of a large  jellydoghnut not in a bad way . but if you like decadent french toast go for the french toast at frank and alberts.nthe vibe is very vegas or to compare to a place locally think of modern steak at  square . perfect for bachelorette parties . purple walls plush lounges glass and mirrors everywhere . the men folk we were with thoroughly enjoyed their experience . there are many scottsdale types perfect for people  .
__label__pos great little store  sweets and lots of nostalgia . fun shop to pop into . i found candy such as salt water taffy and googoo clusters from my childhood  from the united kingdom germany japan even regular staples such as sweet tarts and  . nthey also sell novelty items such as tin signs pez dispensers and metal lunchboxes . there is also a nice  of sugarfree confections . prices range from fair to somewhat pricey but if youre  to find a sweet that sparks a memorythis is the right spot nnlocated near ultrastar theatre so great  to pop in and  something before a movie or to peek in and satisfy that  tooth
__label__neg   pizza  garlic   wings and order of cleopatra fries . n24.00nnpizza dough tasted premade little cesar pizza crust is much better the sauce was ok. the seasoning they sprinkle on the pizza overpowered the flavor of the  . im not sure what it was but we did not like it . about the wings . they were covered with pureed  the textured of the  felt as if they were boiled not good . the fries were ok. when you walk in you smell smoke from next door . yuk . i recommend you call in your order . i waited 45 minutes for my order which wasnt bad . n we do like to support our neighborhood businesses but i dont think well be able to support this bistro .
__label__neg by  the   station in tempe . they dont accept credit charge to use your  card and is  dirty . not to mention the rude staff and homeless that   . avoid at all  .
__label__neg do not buy anything from this companynnsure they are nice and friendly when they are  to get your business then afterwards beware nnfirst they state no credit check on their store windows but when you go to apply in order to get approved you have to show a mountain of paperwork then after all of that they dont approve you for the full amount of purchase so you still have to come out of pocket with cash . they also charge a 45 application fee approved or not . then i had to pick out another table cause they couldnt finance me for what i wanted so they had to do different paperwork and if teri isnt there those salesmen are lost and have no clue what is going on . then they never gave me a copy of the second invoice showing the cash i paid . a red flag should have  up the minute i walked into that store and saw the mountain of paperwork of orders and a computer that looks  1989 is waiting for it to come home.nni purchased a dinging room table with 6 chairs from them . they delivered it and set it up . after they left went to put chairs  the table two chairs do not fit on one side cause the width of the two chairs combined are wider than the table allows where the legs are . second the chairs have been loose when one broke only a few weeks after i had the table they told me to bring it in for replacement or repair which i did and almost two months later and several phone calls later i still have not received the chair back . the other night i was sitting at the table doing an online college course i got up to get a drink of water went to sit back down and before i know it i was on the floor the chair completely broke underneath me and i called them to ask about getting my money back and she told me to email her a copy of my invoice and when she replied she said that they would fix and tighten the chairs but not return my money or give me a replacement . now why would i go and return more chairs to them if they havent returned the one from over a month ago . do i have stupid written on my forehead so i replied back to her stating my issues just this evening as i am writing this so i am waiting for a response . but i am seeking other options.nndo not purchase one single item from this storennnthe better business bureau has been notified.nnnnn here is their response from the bbb complaintnncustomer was called to pick up new chair and she has not picked it up yet.customer sent a picture of the damaged chair and the manufacturer decided that the breakage was not normal  . we try to accommodate every customer but if you are leaning back on your chair and it breaks that is not how a dining chair should be used.nnthis is a bunch of baloney . how can they determine if i was leaning  in the chair if four of the six chairs have something wrong with them . i am currently in the process of writing my  to the bbb . and i will continue  this review as i get information .
__label__pos the     here   . great   little find in scottsdale .
__label__pos first our server a.j . was  notch and was a major reason for our group of golf buddies  a great evening at cph . he had  of the food and great personality . the  and food were delicious . the only negative comments i can say is that the crab cakes need a little  . but the chopped  the  the short rib the scallops and the meatloaf were fantastic.ngreat restaurant with lots of energy .
__label__pos i was  nervous about everything to do with purchasing a new home and especially having it  with all of the  restrictions in todays market . however matt baker made it truly simple and  . i can not begin to express how  and professional he is throughout the whole  . i would and do wholeheartedly recommend matt and his team to any and all of my friends and business partners .  you mattngreg p .
__label__pos     un  extru00eamement touristique en mu00eame temps il y a tellement de recoins cachu00e9s et qui valent la peine du00eatre du00e9couvert dans le vieux montru00e9al donc je ne peux pas mempu00eacher de lui donner une assez bonne cote . cest lendroit parfait pour des ballades en amoureux ou mu00eame pour y passer une journu00e9e ensoleillu00e9e en famille avec un piquenique tout pru00e8s du vieuxport . cest rempli dhistoire et avec les anciens bu00e2timents de pierre on peut facilement simaginer comment cu00e9tait dans ltemps . les amateurs darts seront comblu00e9 vu le nombre et la variu00e9tu00e9 des galeries darts qui y sont la plupart cachu00e9es entre une boutique de souvenirs quu00e9taines et un resto qui dit faire la meilleur poutine authentique du quu00e9bec lhiver les du00e9corations de nou00ebl donnent un air fu00e9u00e9rique u00e0 la rue saintpaul puis lu00e9tu00e9 laccu00e8s de cette rue est ru00e9servu00e9e aux piu00e9tons et donne limpression de vivre dans  grand village ou00f9 tout le monde est en vacances .
__label__pos i am so in love with this place not only because the atmosphere is so inviting but also because all of the people who work there are really friendly and seem to care about your business . i got mina and i must say wow i dont know if she  her time because i was the only one there but regardless she paid  to every  she listened to my  because i had a bad waxing job  again and  me such a beautiful shape to my eyebrows i usually fill my eyebrows in because my  is so light but even when  they look greaat definitely recommend
__label__pos celeste the best individual eyelash technician i ever came across . i have being so many places to do my individual extensions but i was  happy with the result i got . not only she use top quality mink lashes but also the glue she  is very expensive  glue that very few people using in the town . i am  happy that fabulous  threading start the individual extensions i can do my brows and  do in the same place in  . its feels like you with your family the way they treat you the  when you getting to the place . highly recommended
__label__pos pour ma 3iu00e8me visite au bistro lustucru jai eut la chance dessayer le menu montru00e9al en lumiu00e8re douze bouchu00e9s du menu cru en  une du00e9gustation de lensemble du menu tartares carpaccio et ceviche .   tru00e8s bon les poissons u00e9taient excellents les portions  plus de  portion bouchu00e9 pour ogre quun estomac  constituu00e9 . les service u00e9tait comme  impu00e9ccable . du00e9finitivement pru00eat pour une 4iu00e8me visite .
__label__pos great  nice location with  walkways water fountains and plenty of  . good for shopping and for photos .  end stores here  with affordable  too . not just  but also gifts kids  cigars and more .
__label__neg   of cupcakefancy    the  and this doesnt even come close . they are charging caketini and sprinkles prices for cupcakes that taste better at frys or safeway . yuck . my daughter wouldnt even finish hers and she loves cupcakes . normal size cakes not worth the money . dry and overcooked . ick . we all walked out thinking they wont last more than 6 months . small storefront but very clean . owners were friendly . we will not return .
__label__neg was visiting edinburgh for a night and the next morning we decided to go for a wander around to find somewhere to have a decent breakfast . and so we unfortunately came upon loudons . the ordering system was like being in a canteen but with restaurant prices . we were hungry after a great night out in  though so we decided to persist . i  the eggs  with  or the eggs  as the staff annoyingly insisted on calling it . the amount of food that came out was as small as the abbreviated  . the staff then proceeded to clean up around us as we were still eating the place wasnt  busy so i dont know why they wanted us out so quickly . nna place for people with more money than sense
__label__neg ok. i was naturally excited about this new burger joint because people kept raving about it . i  to myself this is something i have to try . i kept trying to drop in on the place before and after movies and the place consistently had at least a 45 minute wait to be seated . so ... it took a good long  before i actually  to sit down and eat there.nnso did it  up to the hype not at all.nni ordered there most basic burger hoping to taste the quality of the meat and how well it was cooked . just like most red blooded american males im very serious about my burgers . i was  with this burger and the fries . note i did not  any special rubs or hoopla of any sorts . i wanted to see what they were working with . the burger itself was disgustingly sweet . the only thing i could compare it to was nutmeg .  a  patty doused in nutmeg . it was gross . same for the fries they were also dusted with this foul concoction . it was an unpalatable mess.nnpeople are still raving over it . i dont get it . there are better places to get burgers in the city.nnthe place is straightup unimpressive .
__label__neg my experience was like the others posted here . went to the mesa location for the first time saturday night . havent really had the urge for changs but i had a gift card to use . sit down ... notice how small the restaruant is compared to the other changs weird . and they sat us at the little twoseater in the middle of the room i hate that anyway about 10 mins later no server in sight the manager  if we have had our drink order taken . we hadnt so he took it by that point we were ready to order and he took that too . he did apologize for the tardy introduction from our server . i used to be a server at the chandler changs so i know what standards this restaruant holds and let me tell you this  doesnt hold up to them . the table had food particles left on it . the chili soy and vinegar bottles had residue on them . hot water and  soap cleans this up real nice when i worked there we had to have clean bottles on our table our server comes by with our drinks sets them down and walks away . didnt even introduce herself we didnt know if she was our server or not . few minutes later she comes back and drops off the sauce and mixes it quickly and explains that by adding more chili sauce it will make it hotter ... . that was it you are supposed to explain what the sauce is and ask your guests how hot they want the sauce and explain what all the sauces mean . or by all means ask them if they have ever been to the restaurant before and by  you wont have to  it because your guests already know what it is . she was lacking on the communication . food comes just okay . not the taste i remember from my days of working there which is why i rarely go to changs anymore . very pricing . kung pao scallops were 17.95 they used to be 12.95 wow crab fried rice was not to my liking . the server assistant or busser whatever they are called nowdays refilled our drinks but not quickly . he brought us new ones from the kitchen instead of refilling them with the pitcher it was ice  not sure why ... but it took forever . wont bother with this  again .
__label__pos my wife is german and constantly talks about how much she missed broetchen and german bread in  . this prompted a  on yelp for a german bakery early last week ... i didnt have  hopes of finding anything here in vegas and let me tell you ... . this place is awesome . delicious broetchen pastries and anything else you can look for from a   . the customer service is excellent and even if it wasnt the delicious baked goods would more than  up for it . this is now added on to our once a week  shopping list ... what a great find here in  ... . have at it yelpers
__label__neg  formnn ordered   . only  5. charged us for 6.n  water to accompany our drinks . never saw a drop .  cheap decor . random baseball cap pinned to the wall . seems like the roof is falling apart downstairs.n good selection of food . and the 56 we did receive were good.n had to ask for the bill 3 times . as i post this i am still waiting for the bill ... nnnote maybe this is better for lunch than dinner but in general i was not impressed .
__label__neg absolutely  . when your primary product is pizza and your menu is fairly limited you need to work hard to set yourself apart the crowd .  for me grimaldis fell flat on its face from an experience standpoint . while my previous experiences have been average my latest encounter left me regretting my choice . this evening i ordered a pizza togo which you would think would be a simple uneventful task . not so . my son and i stood waiting for 5 minutes before someone even offered to help us without any other customers waiting ahead of us . then we watched as the manager proceeded to pull each of the two girls who were handling take out orders away from their job to discuss some errors that had  occurred during their shift . mind you this is in the midst of a sunday night take out rush . after the second girl got her talking to i  as she tried to compose herself unsuccessfully and then proceeded to remove her apron and walk out the  . that left one poor girl to tend the phones and handle the togo traffic since the manager  decided to disappear to the back of the house after her talks with the togo staff . the remaining girl jumped between calls while togo orders piled up below her counter . i had a sneaking suspicion that one of those pizzas was mine since i had now been waiting over 25 minutes but i had no chance to ask about it because nobody was around to ask and the one counter girl was jumping from call to call . after waiting another 1520 minutes the girl  checking the pizzas and just as i had assumed brought me mine from the pile . when i told her that i knew that this pizza had already been sitting there for 20 minutes she apologized and offered the  excuse that it was very busy tonight . ni have at least 510 other pizza places i pass on my way to this place and grimaldis just gave me an excuse to either try the others again or give them a first try before i return to this place .
__label__pos  ru00e9confortant  .  cafu00e9  le 8 minutes de marche u00e0 partir de berri uqam pour ceux qui hu00e9sitaient encore u00e0 faire le du00e9tour . nnon rentre avec lenvie de prendre un cafu00e9 et un repas lu00e9ger on finit par sassoir u00e0 lune de leur mignonne chaise avec une pu00e2tisserie ou une viennoiserie maison un latte u00e0 la lavande et un pain de la boulangerie le pain dans les voiles sous le bras pour du00e9guster plus tard avec notre souper . ils offrent u00e9galement de savoureuses salades soupes paninis et autres plats ru00e9confortants qui vous feront revenir encore et encore . bob dylan nous berce pendant quon tappote sur notre laptop dans lespace ru00e9servu00e9 aux tablettes et ordinateurs tabourets et grande banquette vintage pour notre confort afin de laisser la place aux gens qui veulent discuter bien au soleil sur les petites tables u00e0 lavant proche des fenu00eatres . le staff est discret et souriant le cafu00e9 bien exu00e9cutu00e9 on vend mu00eame de ravissants gu00e2teaux qui se mangent avec les yeux avant den savourer les aru00f4mes une menue bouchu00e9e u00e0 la fois . vous nu00eates toujours pas convaincus ils ont aussi de la biu00e8re de microbrasseries pour ceux qui aiment de gu00e2ter u00e0 toutes heures de la journu00e9e . bam vendus .
__label__pos dc auto has a great shop and its really clean great  showing what they offer and a nice  area with a tv . a huge  is that they stick to their time estimate everyone is nice and professional and they make you the priority when youre in there . ive tinted a lot of cars about 14 over the last 10 years and have had some good and bad experiences . one thing that is great is the pricing is laid out on their  so theres no guessing or  around to a bunch of stores only to get quoted different numbers depending on the timeday you call . although they do have some of the best pricing on their ceramic film . theres a reason they have 5  and nice to see reputable shops still exist.ni recently tinted my commuter car 2015 honda fit and went with ceramic on all windows and the clear  on the windshield .  was returned clean and will be bringing my suv to get tinted .
__label__neg well the fun continues with verizon . that refund that ballooned from 2 weeks to 3 months . their customer service in irvine california called to  of  that apology turned my past  of 5 days to 2 weeks into an additional 4 to 5 weeks . sounds like a sound apology to me . um  you were told um 2 weeks max but i got on that right  and its only going to be 4 weeks minimum from this point instead if the 2 you were told . isnt that great . hopefully yelp and the 5 consumer advocacy groups i contacted can get the ball rolling or maybe each one will  adding a month as is tradition in verizon land . guess my grand kids can  that measly refund sometime in their lifetime . my previous comment about verizon being good but not that location i take it back . its a  . tony soprano would be envious . two cans and a string would be far better than verizon and their customer care .
__label__neg waiting for almost an hour tonightwith music blasting at rock concert decibels to  customer privacy . it is too bad that customers can not hear the customer service reps due to the loud music . not to mention that it is almost  to concentrate on reading or anything  you want to do to  the time due to the loud  music . if privacy is their main concern then i can suggest about   ways to address that  blaring loud music throughout the store .
__label__neg this place got really good reviews so we decided to give it a try . i dont know if we just ordered the wrong stuff or the sushi chef was having a bad day or what but i really didnt think their rolls were all that good . we ordered a few rolls from their happy hour menu philadelphia crunch california and some sort of shrimpavocado roll . the rice was dry and had no flavor i think they forgot the vinegar nnwe  ordered the followingnnedamame ive never seen so many of the beans out of its pod it tasted about par with other places though.nngyoza i always thought they were different but similar to chinese dumplings but here it was exactly like a chinese dumpling .  ok.nnveggie fried rice they used really sticky im assuming sushi rice to make it . i wouldnt mind it so much if i wanted sticky rice but we ordered fried rice ... usually the rice is a lot looser.nnmiso soup  bland and i am one who usually prefers bland food.nnseaweed salad by far my favorite . at other places its usually a huge salad entru00e9e so it was nice they had a small side of it i could order . great flavor . perfection.nni would at  give this place a try again . i just cant  this place getting such good reviews but the sushi tasting the way it did . i can only assume it was an off day . the service was good though and they have booth seats which is always a plus when you have a toddlernnon the far west side my barometer for good  is usually comparing the new place i try to tomos off of dysartmcdowell the japanese food restaurant we frequent most .
__label__pos  good bagels and great service . the    bagel is crazy  . place is clean  is nice . weve had a lot of einstein  brought to us but never visited a location this is a  alternative to starbucks for the roadtrip traveler .
__label__pos  in to ask about botox and  . francesca was great and explained the different options and was not  me anything that i didnt need . loved the results and the price was  special . will  be  back and have told my  .
__label__pos i used yelp reviews to find affordable flooring and i would be remiss to not add to the amazing reviews that they already have . they are amazing from our first experience in the showroom which was informative and friendly they had a very nice selection of tile . we were allowed to take several tiles with us to see how they fit in with our furnishing and lighting in the house . about a week later we selected our tile and it was a very hard decision . i had several friends come and give me their opinion . once decided we were torn on how much of the first floor to tile . they were so accommodating to work up several bids with absolutely no pressure . we decided on doing everything but the bedrooms about 1900 sq . feet . we paid a  the flooring was ordered and the installation scheduled . when the flooring was delivered it was the wrong tile . long story short was that the sample we had was mislabeled by the wholesaler we were disappointed to learn that the tile we liked was  . this is where as one  said affordable flooring is no joke . they allowed me to choose another tile at the same price the loss to be absorbed by the wholesaler . customer seindyddrvice is something they do not sidestep on . we chose a beautiful wood plank tile and we could not be happier . everyone that comes in our home comments on it the installers lay the tile carefully and they are artists . they inspected and pulled tiles that werent squared perfectly . the job took a while and they were polite and  . they also had to   a master bath renovation and they were very willing to come out and do the bathroom a week later than the rest of the  with no  cost . i love this company
__label__neg my previous post did not show on the list so here it is againnnworst hotel ever nnif you believe in showing up to your hotel room with your bed not made and no toiletries in the room ... book this place  away . there are only two elevators in the hotel that the hotel employees and guests  which makes getting to your floor anywhere from 515 min . almost every day was a rude awakening when my room keys reset and would not let me in my room . this would not have been such a big issue except for the time that it took to get the elevator to show up to my floor and then return to my floor . nnout of a week of staying in this hotel my  was only  twice and that was when i requested this . the cleaners do not speak a word of english which i guess is good if you would like to practice learning another language . i fortunately spoke spanish but it was embarrassing for me to stumble through a conversation with the cleaners when i just needed a box of tissues and some toilet paper.nnthe elegant look of the hotel is summed up in one word ... ikea .  is cheaply decorated so you can bask in opulent trash while waiting for your elevator to show up.nnthe staff is very pleasant and does  you feel welcome . that is the only good thing about the place . parking is 22 a day which is a total  of money and the hotel bill was double charged for several days of parking.nnin closing i would not wish this hotel on my  enemy .
__label__pos love love love x 1000. this place lived up to all of our expectations and recommendations and i only wish i would have checked it out sooner . we went on a crowded saturday night with some friends and made sure to have reservations . the staff was beyond nice and so  and the place was bananas packed . nnthe food was superb . i mean seriously great . i ordered the scallops with a   sugar sauce and asaparagus on the side . the bf ordered the 8oz filet mignon and the twice baked potato side . we each ordered 2 drinks a piece which i have to say eddie vs makes a damn good dirty martini and their blue cheese stuffed olives are to die for . nnthen dessert ... oh sweet sweet dessert . the bananas foster was undeniabley the best dessert i have ever had . it comes out flaming and the ice cream we got vanilla i detest butter pecan ice cream was perfect to the  gooeyness of the cake which was a little carmel like ... there are no words to explain how  this dessert was.nnall in all with 4 drinks an app 2 meals 2 accompaniements and dessert with tip for under 200..yhis  is a no brainer .
__label__neg the jury is  out on them at our house . ncalled them  because our system is overflowing ... the only advice that i took away from the interaction is for us to bypass the kinetico system untill they could see the system . nnjust for them tosee the system it will cost us 109.00 service call fee plus the first thirty minutes of labor . if additional  is needed then its 15.00 for each 15 minutes . i asked about the lifetime guarantee that i  on kdwn  and was told that since we purchased our system in  that we wouldnt be covered.n so i ask then if im not under warranty why should i use your company for service i  a you can do whatever you want . we are the only company authorized to service our system . nni suppose thats a great answer if a warranty was being honored.nand to top it off they dont guarantee an appointment time ... even though they charge their customers for the visit . i dont like paying to go to the dentist for maintenance on my teeth but at least a gal gets an appointment time for that service.nnim astonished at companies that want to keep my business would automatically charge me a fee to determine what was wrong with their system . i would think that they would stop by to see whats wrong first and then determine with me the best path to resolving . the service person wanted to immediately transfer me to sales probably so they could try and sell me a whole new system ... i didnt want a salesperson i wanted  .
__label__pos   in  .     . im a big fan of the fact that they cut the meat in front of you . most places have it prepared and it doesnt taste as fresh .
__label__pos no frills taco place ordered 2 carnitas tacos  on hindsight i should have ordered another type of meat  . the nice thing about this  is really the food . whats not to like fresh warm and fluffy tortillas topped with chopped carnitas cooked to the point of slight caramelization and then finished with chopped onions and cilantro . nice and simple . you can dress your  with lime wedges or the 2 types of salsa they  . no beans or rice to cloud your perfect taco  . i  come again if i set  in phx
__label__neg horrible and waste of time and money.nnwe ordered breakfast and 10 minutes later the  arrived . when the breakfast arrived in a further 15 minutes my  was dropped on the table throwing half the dry unseasoned  on the table . nnthe eggs were overcooked and unseasoned the one  of toast everywhere ive ever been serves two  ... was  and on the side the butter served was hard cold and unusable the beans were congealed and the fruit sad and boring.nnmy  meal was worse.nnavoid at all costs .
__label__pos  is   and   need to wait taste good for the  of  
__label__pos  friendly breakfast and lunch  .   and    . ok so its in a strange little mini mall but the food pretty good and the staff is  and personable.nnfor 5 i got a very large egg burrito and a drink . i enjoyed it and would go back if in the neighborhood .
__label__pos this is one of my favorite burlesque shows to attend here in  . it is very  and  a great time . the performers are both local and out of town ladies and gentlemen and they are all completely different to one another which keeps us on our  . you never know exactly what to expect from the next performance . they also to theme  and i love that  its a   .
__label__pos we had heard about the downtown phoenix los dos molinos being so good and hoped this restaurant of the same chain would be as good . our waiter assured us that the  and quality are the same . i ordered the two taco special with carne asada steak . my husband ordered the  enchilada special and was warned that it would be spicy . the sauces are made with hatch chilis which fits with its new mexicothemed menu.nmy husband decided after tasting my mildly spicy only tacos that he would stay away from the spicy options next  and go with mild in the future . one can always add either the complimentary green or red salsa if one wants it hotter.nwe  the beans . spanish rice seemed pretty ordinary .  flan was outstanding .  service by all staff.nwe would  this place to anyone who wants to try something other than the  sonoran fare in phoenix .
__label__pos a friend of mine knew some of the family who own this place so we decided to go check it out for lunch . my friend is vegan and i eat meat so it was great that they could  both of us nnsince it was a nice day in pittsburgh we decided to order some  even though we didnt  any alcohol . i ended up getting the lemonbasil and it was basically  infused lemonade nomz . this is seriously something ive been dreaming of for a long time yummy refreshing drinks for summer . they hit it perfectly my friend got the strawberry with mint and it also tasted great . n ni had the prosciutto sandwich which came with st andre cheese on it and was delicious . the  was terrific and the flavors together were salty and tasty perfect to my liking . my dining partner got a veggie burger and was very pleased with it as well.nnfor dessert i had some sort of chocolate mousse that seemed to have a caramellike sauce on top with a pinch of salt which made it divine nnsuper impressed with the food here and i cant wait to go  for more well  the drive to bellevue from the  . nnyay
__label__pos a candy shop with real food too yes please the menu is huge and there are so many things i wanted to try from  to   burgers pasta salad and  for days set up like an upscale diner the ambiance was fun and the service was good . we started off with  macaroni balls they were delicious but only came with three for the table . after much debate on my entree choice i settled on the bleu burger which was delicious juicy and huge . i ate every bite and it was well worth it . for  we had the cookies sundae which was good though i wish there was more  cream and less whip cream . overall i would  this place but be prepared for a large bill even if you dont order alcohol .
__label__neg i came here for my girlfriends bday dinner . it was just not up to expectations . our party of 8 wasnt all there but they seemed to want to keep us at the bar . finally after 20 minutes they finally gave in and let the 5 of us sit down since our other few werent eating . i found this sort of annoying as the bar was pretty full we were all in heels and we asked to be seated a few times ... but oohh well . nnserver our server was pretty darn occupied with the hostesses . i am in the industry so i understand how this works . but commonnn pay attention to us the  in our party had to go up to the bar after we were seated because he was so busy trying to meet the ladies nnfood quality mine was decent . i had the filet . i felt the mashed potatoes were missing something they were dying for truffle or something savory . my steak was a little over cooked . nnissue a girl at our tables steak was way undercooked . our server didnt come around for awhile so she watched us eat . they recooked the same steak to recook it . i think this is  . i would expect this at an applebees but not here . ew dont but a steak that was on a persons germy fork back on the grillnnprices for the  quality ... you must be joking there are much much better places to eat for the same price . nndrink prices 1640 for their drinks . pretty pricey but they are tasty . i  think they are very strong we had two big ones and we were still sober afterwards ...  for two . nnthey also didnt do anything for her bday it was a little  . i wasnt expecting a song or dance but a free shot or a comped dessert would have gone a long way . each person in our party left with a 60 tab . i probably wouldnt go back its just too pricey for the quality in my opinion . i really wouldnt want to repeat that . nni did meet a super nice club promoter for the   door . he really hooked my group of friends up you can message me for his info if you need it . he really saved the night since dinner was kinda blah .
__label__neg where do i begin  with 7 people night of trans siberian orch show . n1 . waited 10 min for drinks which did not come at oncen2 friend ordered pinot grigio . after above 10 minutes was told by waitress it was not chilled  me its an italian restaurant and that owner says its too much trouble to put in the shaker to cool n3 after getting  we ordered .  pizza and salad order was not put in for two people . they got no food at all . after we had all finished   she put order in for them .   too late.n4 overheard they ran out of salad .nnavoid this place .
__label__pos had a blast super cool  bar . the food was  good too especially the  and chips could easily eat  orders . theres also a super chill room attached thats 70s  and has a private bar which is cool for hanging out . great deals for  highly recommend for a good time and  
__label__pos      et  succulent  frais un  u00e0 montru00e9al ...
__label__pos wow jew jokes titties amazing skill and a venue that is  than any ive  stepped foot it whats not to likennwhen i wasnt gasping in sheer awe and im not one to gasp easily or staring up at the ceiling as a beautiful topless save for sparkly pasties  slid down on a rope or laughing my ass off as the emcee picked on old people gays the black dude in an affliction shirt or the asian that was bad at math i was sipping on my drink and admiring the fact that i was less than  feet away from these amazing performers . tickets are cheap 69 or 99 but theres usually a dude walking around near the venue with 20 off coupons and its all ga seating so be sure and get there early . cute cocktail broads wander the beer garden while you wait  up reasonably  drinks for a hamilton . after you enter the tent youre  to the next  seats for your size party and then the magic starts . sit back relax and enjoy .
__label__pos    for   adults.nncons the penny rant and strip teases were not so necessary in in my opinion . nnpros so manygreat theatre setup too funny for words great music great acrobatics and truly and unique and mine blowing time . very funny stuffwould love to see it again
__label__pos i love love love this company we are mn residents and come to az to escape the winters . the day we get here i am on the phone with  pet stylists to get on their schedule for our   that arrives with a full mn   . they are so professional and extremely calming with our dog . the cut is always perfect and he comes back to  so  i highly recommend using their  .
__label__neg edit 1152014 since my original posting in april 2012 i have ordered here a bunch of times with good consistent quality each time but this most recent experience left a bad taste in my mouth and i wont be ordering here anymore . i ordered my usual mongolian beef dinner order of pork fried rice and crab  and the lady who took my order can recite it from memory every time which is amazing . so i trusted her to do the same in this  and thought my order would arrive all good . nnafter my husband got the food from the driver and paid we unpacked everything and his usual order of pork fried rice was missing . turns out the lady who took my order upgraded my plain fried rice in my entree to the pork fried rice for a 2 upcharge and didnt correctly put in the entree order of the fried rice . i immediately called the restuarant back as soon as the driver left to let them know and she explained the confusion and whatnot and said she would send the missing item asap . nndriver comes back  20 mins and we got hit with an addition 7 charge for the pork fried rice . we paid it of course but since it was the restuarants mistake i was hoping for a small discount to even out the upgraded fried rice that i did not want in my entree . i ended up giving my fried rice to my husband so he could have an extra helping . we have been cutting back on ordering out more and more over the years and this is something that will be definitely be cut out for good . what a shame . i liked them too.nnnoriginal i was looking for a chinese delivery place that i havent tried yet and i found this place through yelp . because of the high reviews and that i am in its delivery range i decided to order.nnit was a saturday night when i placed the order and a nice woman answered it couldve been the owner that other reviews mentioned and i started asking her a bunch of questions about a couple dishes and she was patient and informative which helped me tremendously in deciding what i wanted and having a great dining experience . she gave me the final total which i noticed many chinese places dont do for some reason and i absolutely appreciated it for bookkeeping on my part and an estimated delivery time of 30 to 40 minutes.nnthe guy  right on time and he was very  . the food was nice and steamy and still piping hot after all that time . i am a fan and as i  more from here i will either increase the rating to 5 stars or if i start having bad experiences will decrease it  . i hope i dont have bad experiences because this place has some great quality food
__label__pos ein   um auf die schnelle den hunger oder durst zu stillen . preislich fu00fcr die lage ok und aufgrund der u00fcbersichtlichen besucherzahl auch eine gute bedienung.nndas bestellte latte und waffeln mit  waren   drittel des durchschnittlichen .
__label__neg i was so excited to try urban picnic . i walked in and could tell they were short staffed right away . the girl behind the register was also the runner for the food so she was alternating back and forth . dark clouds on the horizon . nnconstructive criticism they need to invest in a large version of their menu simply stapling their  togo menu to the wall was confusing and hard to read . choose a different corner to cut.nni ordered the veggie pressed sandwich and the kids mac n  . my friend ordered a salad and a kids meal as well . her  came out in  minutes and mine was far behind . 35 minutes later my  pressed sandwich came out completely cold in the middle . disappointing and gross . i went to refill my  tea they were out . bummer . i didnt even eat the sandwich and left hungry . nnall signs of my experience point to simply being under staffed . i saw a total of three humans trying to man this sinking ship . based on the   it seems like this was a fluke . hopefully .
__label__pos this place is sushimon maryland and silverado ranch on steroids . same great quality as sushi mon but with new added specials and homemde  . the green tea cake is very tasty . nnthe  is more elegant an deep rich dark colors that are very modern an inviting . their sushi bar is smaller but they have a grillrange in view of the dinning room . i am always a fan of  kitchens that  i know if my food was handled properly which it always is . nnthe sushi is so far superior in quality to most other ayce locations i have tried . if you can say it  at the bar and order omakase . the sushi chefs are really  and have ingredients that are not listed on the menu which they  for fun . it is a top notch dining  . nngo eat be happy
__label__neg i didnt  dessert but when i got home i wanted  to get the taste of old fish out of my mouth . this place was awful the ayce  was very  . the  was overdone . the albacore had seen its better days . i  i had detected it was off before i  most of it . i hope i dont get  .
__label__neg i was  disappointed by this  the fish was  warm and mushy . the appetizer was edible to say the  . i dont quite understand why this place has such high  it was mediocre at  . ill  the price is a little much for the poor quality of fish . nnbottom line dont trust the high ratings and skip on to the next .
__label__pos adam and his  painted the interior of my house this weekend and it looks phenomenal he came highly recommended by a couple friends so i did not even bother looking  . i am so happy that i had this done . nadam came to do an estimate and said they usually run about  weeks out which was fine with us . he kept in contact and emailed later the next week to  they had an  that saturday if i was  . so the house was painted all in one day just 2 weeks after the estimate . nthey painted the entire downstairs and hallway up the stairs and the  upstairs as well as one of the bedrooms . ni love the house more now that it is painted and i never had to pick up a  brush . i would use this service again in a heartbeat
__label__neg the food wasnt very  . this corner eaterie was a disappointment . i love all types of mediterranean food . its one of my favorite cuisines but the cypress grill couldnt even match the tastes of pita jungle . i shared the chicken souvlaki entree . the dish came with 2 average sized kabobs of cubed chicken breast . the meat was lean but it was marinated too long in a salty liquid with dry store bought herbs . the rice was mostly tasteless and the tzatziki sauce came right out of a jar . surprisingly the salad was the most disappointing . greek salad is so  to make with a lemon viniagrette . i found the dressing too sweet to  and the lettuce possessed a bitter  not normally found in this type of lettuce mix . my son had the gyro platter . he said he liked the gyro meat and the rice but didnt touch the salad or tzatziki sauce . i wont be  because you dont need to be fancy or expensive to offer good food . if i want kabob ill  ti pita souvli up the street pita jungle a few miles away or hike up to haji baba for authentic souvlaki . the entire experience was sad considering i can walk to the  grill .
__label__neg not sure whats going on with this restaurant . had dinner there tonight and the place was practically deserted . they didnt have the wine we wanted and  items from the printed menu were not available . i had the ribs . they smelled great but thats where it ended . the meat was dry and although the  stated the dish came with sweet potato fries guess what they came with  fries.nthe bread pudding was good though and the waitress was very friendly apologizing for every disappointment we faced.nbut i would  a pass on this place at least until they get their act together.nback to my first comment about the  room being empty perhaps others have had similar  ... hope  improve in the  .
__label__pos food was  . i was not   . my husband really liked his   . the  serving at the  was very nice . i would  it again .
__label__pos our endless search for new lunch options around my workplace had  glaring over towards pasta china on one of our many boring trips to the chipotlefive guyssubway courtyard spot at craig and nellis . im pleased we ventured over one day because this place is unique and definitely worth a shot . the fusion is all over the place and everything ive ever had was quite good . the overall value is outstanding as the highest  entree is 7. there are a few asian inspired pasta dishes and some primarily asian dishes with italian ingredients thrown in . i wouldnt call the food outstanding rather very good and very generous  too . there are a few very good vegetable based  that are pretty healthy and some real trainwreck of lovliness alfredo type stuff too . one of the tastiest things ever is a firecracker roll a regular eggroll wrapper filled with chicken jalapenos and some cream cheam type mixture and deep fried to delish perfection ... .i call it the worlds greatest jalapeno popper . it costs 1.50 hahaha great value here . one warning weve come in with large groupseight or more which slowed the service waaay down and also  the  out to where we could  some  and yelling behind the counterreminded me of the corporate management training scene from gung ho . anyay try this place . it different and very inexpensive and most impotantly interesting .
__label__pos  burgers including a peppercrusted bluecheese burger that is sinfully good . and for noncarnivores   and  generoussized salads . its easy to eat for 10 or less . service is generally friendly and helpful .  is plain but the atmosphere is  .
__label__pos great place    for   and great  its a   to unwind drink and enjoy the food .
__label__neg ciao ciaos gelato is pretty good but also very overpriced even for las vegasnnciao  is a gelato bar inside the forum shops at caesars . they have a good number of flavors and many of them  to be creative concoctions with lots of ingredients mixed in . i  with the pistachio and the mascarpone with  and both flavors were good . the gelato was creamy too.nnservice was  and pleasant.nnpricing was very high . i ordered a medium size and it was 8 before taxes . while i did not get the gelato at the more famous jean philippe in aria i think the gelato there was about the same price maybe even less at jean philippe.nnciao ciaos gelato was a satisfying frozen dessert . pricing was too high though . pricing is  for a lot of stuff in vegas but i think for the prices you will pay here you should be able to find more interesting and more well known sweets elsewhere.nnthe forum shops and caesars offer complimentary parking via valet or self parking structure .
__label__pos we stayed at the  last weekend for a bachelorette party and having the market cafe  was so convenient  for breakfast staff was  and courteous  of food was plentiful and the food was tasty . a   but worth it for fresh food  .
__label__pos  nostalgic.nnthe     ice cream is the customer service itself . located in a random gas station makes this place a hidden 1carat diamond in the middle of a sandy desert . with 106 degrees out you have better eat and lick it fast before the chocolate malted crunch starts dripping on the side of your sugar cone and onto your white tee.nnbad news is the next thriftys ice cream offering is not for another 300 miles or so . but thats not accurate . nngood news this ones definitely not too far from the strip . they offer a neat and simple array of flayvs including build your own ice cream sandwich .
__label__pos came in here for lunch one sunday my first thought was this was def . the local  the place was packed with people and the bar full of people watching  football . it was really loud in there but i didnt mind people were just  excited over the game . nwe had the  pickles for an appetizer which were good a little greasy but good . i originally ordered the zucchini burger but they came back several minutes later and  me that they were out so i ordered the veggie sub . i wasnt all that pleased with the sub but it could have been  . i ordered the homemade chips as the  which were delicious . i would love to go back and try the burger some other time . they have a few local beers on tap as  which is nice . nif you are in the area this is a good place to stop for food .
__label__neg grossly understaffed . waited 2 hours . while waiting for a table we saw a  drank gatorade bottle in the ice container where they would  ice for the  . at  point the bartender scooped the  up with the ice and just moved it to the side and proceeded to scoop more ice from the same spot to make someones drink .  wasnt worth the  and it was cold by the time we got silverware and napkins .
__label__neg squishysoggyslimy french toast no substitutions  being  and initially seating us in the worst possible seat available infront of entrywaykitchen 2 stars . nnapparently it costs them 0.25 worth of brain power to use an alternate ingredient . i am one of those annoying people that modifies menu items because i dont like some things that are standard to some dishes . i.e . avocado sour cream some cheeses mayonnaise and the list goes on ... so i was not a very happy camper when i was told it was a 0.25 charge to substitute anything . if i was still 8 years old my breakfast would have cost me 30. i can understand if i add something but  that is stupid and according to my sister they need to change a few things with their   .
__label__pos  . nnmy initial very frustrated and  review  as followsnnbililng practices are at best negligent and at worst fraudulent . nni started going to the studio per a groupon . i enjoyed the experience so much that i purchased a discounted 20 pack of classes . when i purchased the classes my credit card was charged . however the purchase didnt show up in my online account so i couldnt schedule classes . i called the studio and they told me that theyd credited the classes to another student but they did remedy the situation . nnfast forward about 6 months and i am reviewing my credit card statement . lo and behold a mysterious charge from the studio shows up for 130. i have not even been back there in months and certainly have not authorized any transactions to this business . i am now disputing the charge via my credit card . nnthe yoga is great but all these terrible billing practices make it not worth your time in the long run.nnupdatesnnafter reading this the studio owner went out of her way to contact me to try and correct the error . she contacted me several times over a month and offered to resolve the issue in minutes if i called her . i couldnt manage to find time to call her but she refused to give up and tracked down my information and resolved the situation in a way that goes above and beyond what can be expected from a business owner . i can certainly say that although i was  by the two billing mixups this business went out of its way to accomodate and help me even when i couldnt go out of my way to try and correct the error . i am thus updating my  to 4 stars not quite 5 due to the  errors but they certainly get 5 for the way they managed this . nnalso as previously mentioned the yoga is great .
__label__neg so everyone in old town has been waiting for a good sports bar forever . when everyone heard thunder dan was coming to town the excitement  buzzing . well this time thunder dan didnt hit this buzzer beater.nnfirst off it does get two stars for a reason so  start there . the  is great . the venue is super cool and there is tons of tvs . nnthats pretty much where it stops . the food isnt great and is relatively slow . i have had a burger wings the chicken  and a  of other things which didnt  me . plus the service was super slow ... nnthis kind of reminds me of the sunsbulls series super exciting but just misses the mark of  . i am sticking with my old faithful two blocks away zipps .
__label__pos great chicken burrito . even  i didnt  the enthusiastic greeting that everybody else received the guy behind the counter at about 730pm did eventually give me some samples of one meat and that jalapeno cream cheese too . the cream cheese and both of the salsas at the salsa bar were all in the hot category even the green one that normally is mild . go for the pico de gallo if you dont like things too hot like myself . the beef in red sauce also had a hefty kick but the chicken was composed of huge chunks of white  that the cook put back on the  before piling it atop my custom made burrito that was in progress.n these things stand out heren1 .  tortilla choice of 4  toon2 . roasted corn to put inside the burriton3 . homemade horchatan4 . free homemade chips with your ordernnthis guy knows how to roll one too . the ingredients were all super fresh and the burrito was one of the better ones i have come across . its in a strip mall and it just says  on the outside but this is my new goto fast mexican place . it will blow away any chain and my total bill was 8.18 for the burro and drink . thanks to previous  for uncovering this local gem .
__label__neg so i wish one of these airports i frequent would have a nice mexican restaurant . but that is impossible . short and sweetnngoodnthe steak quesadilla was alright . the tacos looked crappy . the burrito  nice enough . i enjoyed the marinade for the steak.nnehnbig blue moon beer was 7.50. a decent price knowing you are in an airportnnbadnthe margaritas are  10 for the house one that looked pretty weak.ni sat at the bar and i have to say i havent been appalled by a workermanager in a long time . you know those managers that makes everyone  and feel uncomfortable as an  because god forbid you spill a beer or drop a napkin hes gon na  your face off he would compainyellsuper sarcastic remarks to everyone working . and quite loud and openly.nnhe  my mood . i really could have enjoyed a beer and decent  if it wasnt for him .
__label__neg this place does not have  food . the line you  in is very  . people get up set when you take to long to order . the only time ive come here was because an old person invited me and i didnt  to be rude and refuse . the  is upsetting and they dont  very  . quite frankly the food they serve there resembles the price for which the serve it . cheap and poor .
__label__neg i really enjoyed it . they did put alot of work into this place with even more crazy people to work the house . somethings that  bugged me were the large groups we had to be in 4 to group would be a   is  and the unprofessional staff . we had two guys infront of us who were clearly intoxicated and ruined the entire event for us due to everytime someone  them they were childish and mocked them  . we told the staff inside the situation and if we could wait just to separate from them a bit but no help was offered and just told to keep moving . once out side we were told them same . nnget the vip tickets . the line outside with out them was  then ever .
__label__pos i went to double helix with two friends for his birthday and had one of the best experiences i could think of way better than i expected.nnwe started the night with appetizers and wine in the restaurant part of the bar . our waitress was extremely friendly  and knew what to recommend based on our tastes . she even recommended the wines for  perfectly.nnas we sat there talking one of my friends had a question . he waved down someone he thought was working there and we come to find out that the person we waved down was the gm of the store . it was nice to  the gm working just as hard as his employees . we ended up having a nice conversation about the  of cigars and he even helped make  on what we should get for cigars.nnoverall our experience at the store was amazing . the employees were helpful the gm was  and the food and cigars were perfect .
__label__neg not the worst indian  in las vegas but absolutely not deserving of a 4.5 yelp rating . nnwhen we visited the buffet was uninspired featured no paneer option and was severely lacking in spice and overall layers of flavour . it felt  toward middle americas palate rather than those of expats from the subcontinent and those of us with a bit of experience in the true heavenly flavours of the region . nngive me a good curry and some tasty naan to mop up the sauce and i am happy . sadly taj palace presented my usual go to dish the chicken tikka masala as a  bland rather sweet and lacking any real zest and the naan was almost tasteless.nnthe food looked ok but this is the sort of indian a grandparent would  . ill stick to mint or mt  .
__label__pos i ordered the turkey bacon ranch the 4 but i prefer it without the bacon . this sandwich was heaven and the mix of ranch turkey and  was just perfect ... .i took off the bacon but   . this  is hidden near the ace hardware behind the paradise bakery and other businesss in this strip mall . super clean and casual inside they have a cool self serve soda machine that has been  up in upscale fast food places . you  at the counter and they are very friendly here . they bring your food to your table and  it simple  and filling .
__label__pos    when    and   portions than expected . definitely a fan of the franchise now .
__label__neg i apologize if ive got the wrong location but maybe thats part of the problem . all i know is that this is the place where the deliveries for s  residential originate and that the supervisor for the deliverymen is art . i was expecting a nextday delivery to an easilylocated  and waited with my door open all day to receive the pkg . when it hadnt  by 700 p.m. i called customer service and was told they had until 800 pm to complete the delivery . i tracked the pkg online and as i sat there still  online update said they were unable to deliverno one home or business closed and had returned the pkg to the station.nnthis was a blatant lie as the driver clearly made no attempt to deliver the  . i later learned others in this area had the same experience that day . next day after  calls to customer service my package was delivered by a very nice delivery womanshe had encountered angry customers all along her route that morning because of the poor service by a different deliveryman the previous day . the problem is that no one locally will take responsibility for the behavior of the drivers . customer service try to help but they are located in another state . i asked to be connected to the location where the local driver originates but when i asked for art the supervisor he of course was not available and a message for him to call me was never returned.nnthis is the worst delivery service ive encountered in quite some time . the previous sunday afternoon the us postal service delivered another package and the day before ups was promptly at my door to pick up a package . years ago fedex was the premier delivery service but they have clearly lowered their standards for driver  to the point that they have no standard at alland clearly drivers know there will be no consequences when they blow off a customer or several customers because even their  doesnt return customer calls . why should drivers care
__label__pos im in las vegas pretty often so im over the whole  of the moment and i refuse to wait in a line  than 15 minutes .  is always easy to get into and a  good time . the drinks are pretty strong and the  is always something danceable . nnhalo bar or fat tuesday in the   to the casino are fun places to pre game .
__label__pos small  restaurant   and  to  flavored dishes . i went there on a thursday evening and the  was empty the owner took my order and the food was pretty good . i also received good service and refilled my drink without asking . i had the coconut shrimp as my appetizer a nice large shrimp dredged in coconut flour then fried to a golden crisp . i also has a  bowl of filet mignon pho which was quite tasty with really good  broth . my main dish was garlic pepper shrimp with vegis it was good but for me the coconut shrimp and the pho was the star . all three dishes including and ice tea was 30. i did notice some cheap lunch specials there between 11am to 3pm .
__label__neg bitchiest bartender in the valley she had such an over the top  to my friend  her id youd think she was auditioning for a soap opera . for future reference a simple sorry we cant serve you without proof of age would be fine . and just to clarify the situation my friend wasnt being rude or obnoxious or trying to  the bartender to get her a drink . she simply realized after  that she had left her id at work . the bartender went on to give a loud extremely rude lecture on how she was not going to serve her tonight or any other night without the id . ummm..we werent asking you to . so due to this unpleasant uncomfortable experience i cant  im eager to come back anytime soon . who  to be yelled at for doing absolutely nothing
__label__neg i could go on and on about the zx franchise itself and how much i despise it ... but ill just stick to this gym specifically . nni have been with zxpeak for  now  from concord to harrisburg to university and now matthews is the most convenient location for me . my first impression of this location is that it is huge obviously but i was disappointed with the way they utilize their space . the group fitness room is huge which i like but the spin room is tiny and quite uncomfortable . this especially sucks when the air conditioning is broken as it was for most of this entire past summer and i had to leave early several times to avoid completely overheating . the machines are super old and broken down half of the time and if i could possibly make any more noise running on a treadmill id be surprised . i never  people cleaning them and after getting a staph infection in early january i am almost positive it is from this gym i am especially cautious . the only reason i still keep my membership at this gym is that a it is dirt cheap and b i absolutely love the group power and group ride classes . between these  classes alone i am in the best physical shape of my life . the only downside of  on the gyms part is that on several occasions i have  in and the sound equipment was not working for the classes so it was cancelled and the spin room has several broken bikes that they refuse to fix . i wont  go into how obnoxious the colors of the gym are you feel like you are working out in a bag of skittles . nnneedless to say i have now joined the y since they are now a lot more flexible with membership fees and i very rarely choose zx over them . i think it is just a matter of time before this place shuts down or zx goes down completely just like its previous aliases .
__label__pos   this place .    a   selection of craft beers . board games darts arcade games jenga and when its warm enough the patio has a nice ambience . this  is totally on par with any good bar in chicagoland so yay
__label__neg leider wieder eine bu00e4ckerei die ich nicht empfehlen kann.nnn habe hier mehrfach backwaren gekauft und fast immer wurden die bru00f6tchen mit den  hu00e4nden angefasst . handschuhe habe ich keine gesehen . meine nachfrage wurde damit beantwortet dass man gerne die zange benutzen ku00f6nnten wenn  das vorher sagt.nnn ich bin leider anderes gewu00f6hnt und ich mag es einfach  wenn zuerst bargeld gewechselt wird und dann meine lebensmittel angefasst werden . ich  dann immer dazu mal  paar mu00fcnzen in die hand zu nehmen und dann die innenflu00e4che abzuschlecken . ich glaube dann wird klar wo das problem ist.nnn  die backwaren sind lecker aber ich werde die filiale meiden .
__label__neg i have gone there 3 times all on different days of the week and times and its still fail . nnthere is really nothing to do outside of eating and shopping at places that you get at any other place in  vegas . nothing new nothing exciting and unique . once you park and walk in you start to get excited because the architecture and scene is nice and looks the part . but after walking for about 5 more minutes you realize that there is nothing else to  . nni think they are wayyy behind town square . actually i will bypass this place and go to town square for family fun and  . at least t.s has a movie theater  name brand shopping and restaurants . nni would  tivoli and the  equal to each other . nni will give them one more chance to keep me as a customer . they have to  the locals something else that we havent  .
__label__neg this review might sound a little repetitive but i feel future customers need to  it again and again ... nnthey really  you nothing for your jewelry . i went there with a cartier ring and a custom made necklace . i was offered less than the weight of the  . i understand that they need to make money to stay in business but damn dont take us for the ride of our lives just to confirm my suspicions i  down the street to one of those pawn  for giggles and they offered me more for the necklace alone than that  store.nnbottom line  what you have before selling it no matter where you go and this is certainly not the place to go to if you want to walk away with some decent cash in your pocket .
__label__pos my wife and i go to lunch here every week . the ashley and the other servers already know our drink  . the menu a big and varied .  appetizers burgers salads wraps paninis and other other good stuff . the prices are outsanding . two lunch entrees and   for well under 20. this is a great place that anyone can  . i usually get a salad with grilled chicken but the   is my favorite .
__label__pos went here for the first time last  tue . they have 12 price martinis which was good because i needed me some  and having it 12 price made it all the better started with the  with pulled pork . i thought it was really good and the small was plentiful for 2 of us . my other friend had the bruschetta and he seemed to enjoy it . i went with brisket on the servers recommendation and opted for lean with mac n cheese . brisket was good but i wish i had  fatty it   it would have been a bit tastier . the hushpuppies were awesome i really loved them . i liked the onions they were nice and sweet . mac n cheese was okay least favorite part of the meal.nnservice was good we were seated right away since it was early . i really liked the interior of this place and they had a great 80s music station on which i loved i had no issue with saltiness with any of the food and i am someone who doesnt add salt to anything so i would have noticed right away . all in all i  it a lot and i would not hesitate to go back its close to home too so yay
__label__pos our 12 hrs  at charlotte midwood was our second lunch . my  and i shared the combo platter . the meal consist of brisket spareribs sausage pulled pork hush puppies baked  and mac n cheese all that food for only 22 all the meat was  smokey flavored . my favorite was probably the  ribs . hush puppies were not too greasy just wish that there was jalepeno in it . the baked bean was just perfect great tangy smokey taste . the mac n cheese was sooo good especially the top crispy crust . our waiter  was very  and  .
__label__pos the market in tivoli  is our go to place on saturday mornings . the market has great fresh produce which varies with the growing  in nevada and california .  you  can get delicious  from california year round .  for the heirloom  season and enjoy . nplan to have breakfast or brunch . there are several walk up tents  breakfast and a few brick and mortar places for a sitdown breakfast or brunch .
__label__neg i visited this gym while i was vacationing in vegas over the holidays . if you are  here as a dropin go somewhere else . nnfirst the place is difficult to find there is no sign or help to direct you the right way which doesnt make much  considering they advertise they are one of the most visited gyms in the  . you would  they would make it easier to find . nnsecond when we did finally find the gym the trainer was not friendly . we walked in and said hello and the response we got was just a heavy sigh and sign in here change over there it definitely made us feel not welcome . the guy didnt even  hi or  or even hey where are you guys from . nothingnnthe worst part about my experience at this box was the fact that the lenny kravitz lookalike trainer was rude and arrogant . it was clearly obvious he did not want to help . there were more dropins than just myself and my friend and several of us were confused because he acted as though we knew the daily routine of his gym . i then  him ridicule a dropin i didnt know for his weight choice . there are clearly better ways to coach someone.nni have been crossfitting for over 3 years and i have never experienced a dropin like this.nnthey clearly do not represent what the crossfit community is about . i hope i just caught him on a bad day ... nnngo to crossfit las vegas instead .
__label__pos jai bien aimu00e9 ma  au  . le  pull pork u00e9tait bon ainsi que  accompagnements . mention spu00e9cial au mau00efs au fromage qui u00e9tait tout simplement du00e9licieux . jai goutu00e9 au macaroni au fromage qui u00e9tait correct  que je mattendais u00e0 plus il manquait un peu de  et  punch . le service u00e9tait tout u00e0 fait sympathique
__label__pos   and    .  a   to grab a quick bite to eat for lunch or dinner . none of the dishes were mind blowing but definitely better than some of the other places located by china town ...
__label__pos  coffee i  how the  keep      .
__label__pos great thai food  in the    . very   . let  make your favorite and you will be  .
__label__pos they did a fantastic jobnnlets start from the beginning ... ed showed up on time for the quote . he  everything and then showed the hubby and i all the  of grass he offers . he was not pushy at all or up selling the more expensive grass . he let us take our time to make our choice . nnso after 3 quotes ed offered the best  and we were ready to set a date.nnthe day of ed and  showed up on time and got to work right away . hubby asked questions as always lol and left for work knowing everything would be completed to his liking . he was right the front and back yard came out breath taking and looks amazing . it looks so real all his employees were very professional and cleaned up everything as if nothing had been completed . all that was left was a beautiful landscaped yard . nni highly  this company to anyone . the work is  and they were  and great to work with . anymore yard work i need  already swirling in my head i will not hesitate to call them.nnbtw ... they dont just do fake grass they do all kinds of landscaping walkways fire pits waterfalls etc .
__label__pos i dont know why it took me so long to start coming here . my  happy hour choice on ellsworth is harris  and so i guess for a long time i just overlooked 1947 completely.nnive been here a couple of times within the past month and have had good experiences . the first was for late night drinks with a group of friends . long picnic tables on the back patio easily accommodated our group of eight . im a  of eating and drinking outside so we were all about the patio . they also offer a couple of tables out on the sidewalk probably some good peoplewatching here ... ellsworth on a weekend night can be entertaining and the main seating area inside of the restaurant is great as  . its fairly dark and something about it just makes the place feel upscale and refined . nnas for drinks we ordered a variety of featured cocktails from the menu and everyone enjoyed them . i started with a rock and rye which is one of their happy hour specials during the week rye whiskey lemon orange pineapple rosemary and rock  . i followed that up with a classic manhattan . both were excellent and the service was quick.nnon my most recent trip i ordered fish tacos apps are 12 off during happy hour . i was fairly disappointed in these . there just wasnt anything special about them and to me they were bland . salsa or anything with a little bit of a kick would have gone a long  to help these . my friends ordered a variety of other apps and everything else seemed fine . apparently their mac and cheese is amazing so maybe next time ill go that route.nnoverall its a nice  to get drinks with friends . service has been great each time and im glad to have  reliable happy hour spot in shadyside
__label__pos we love their  sandwich . the last two  the  was   and  . reubens are the bomb .  enough meat for two sammies
__label__pos   .   and   .  
__label__pos this review is not a hamburger review . been there twice and ordered sandwiches both times.nni was very impressed with the  service even after we were seatedas this place is not a waitservice style restaurant . food was quick and very fresh . once i ordered the tritip sandwich on grilled sourdough . it was excellent tender flavorful meat . second time i ordered the chicken club . nothing spectacular but it was done well . sad to say the  potato fries were a major disappointment . literally  flavor . the onion  were tasty though.nnno this place does not replace innout and doesnt even compare in my  . but still a great place to go if you want something fresh and new .
__label__neg    executed.nnvisited on a   around 8 p.m. my biggest grief with this place is that they served me a warm beer . a warm beer when i called the waitress out on it she said well i dont know how that could have happened . she was nice enough to replace it at no cost but seriously . nnthe table next to us was full of tourists who all ordered spotted cows and the waitress said they were out . really youre a pub in downtown madison called the tipsy cow and youre out of madisons favorite beer nnmy fiance liked his burger i ordered a blt which i figured would be hard to mess up . it wasnt spectacular . we also ordered the truffle fries which were good but it doesnt take a genius to serve french fries covered in truffle oil with a side of garlic aoli . of course its going to be good.nni expected a lot more out of the place and was disappointed . it will be awhile before we give it another try .
__label__neg excellent food but horrible service . the first dishes were brought out after about  minutes of ordering but the second round of dishes were brought out  hour after that . we were still hungry but did not  more as we did not want to wait for another  . no apologies or explanation was provided for the  . nnthe wait  did not seem trained as they removed the plates before we were done without asking us if we were  . nnwould not come back and would not recommend even though the food was good .
__label__pos the    was    the   pigs sandwich
__label__pos  pitas with   delishnhummus delishntabbouleh delishnbabba ganoush delishnnservice outstanding the owner loves children ... has a gaggle of them himself.nnprice 5 pitas hummus tabbouleh baba ganoush and a bag of  25.00nnthe best picnic togo in charlotte .
__label__neg another in a seemingly endless series of completely  cookiecuter chinese  . the food at this place makes panda garden look like a real chinese restaurant . the potstickers are really deep fryer  and are so glutenous you could use them to plug holes in your  . there is nothing even remotely authentic or even edible in this armpit.nnavoid   like the plague .  vile . if you would like a real authentic chinese meal head over to ichiban on park street . that place will knock your socks off.nnif you ever find yourself thinking about eating here head up the  to mcdonalds where the food is both more nutritious and has more flavor .
__label__pos  valuen i  station  for   prices for delicious food . palace station is the exception.n on a saturday night i waited on line for a couple of minutes paid a little over 10 for the dinner buffet and was eating delicious food.n in my opinion the high points were the asian foods  shrimp scampi with pasta and soup . the one disappointment is that there was not won ton soup.n the music the whole era of rock and roll was enjoyable listening to . the buffet was not packed so i did not feel rushed.n i have dined here numerous times on a saturday night and have left satisfied and full .
__label__pos always the  . eating here  you happy . and    crawfish it is   . 
__label__pos jai bien aimu00e9 une petite soiru00e9e ici lu00e9tu00e9 dernier sur la terrasse . la nourriture est de qualitu00e9 et lambiance est agru00e9able.nnnourriture typique du moyenorient avec kebab hummus et  plats ru00e9gionaux . recommandu00e9  que jai quand mu00eame trouvu00e9 laddition un peu cher du moins  soiru00e9e .
__label__pos their food is so good here try the italian  if you like italian subs this is for you . bread is delivered from a local bakery and it   .  are huge so be  to share chili is so  its enough all on its own . love the lobster  too . there is so many things to  here burgers are perfectly cooked .
__label__pos good burgers at  prices . new place clean and   .   soon .  to watch  screen  at .
__label__pos great selection of local  good food  and semiclassy loud live music that kills conversation and packed . nnif you are looking to go out with friends for a drink and a live band and dont care about conversation this is a  place . the set up is cool the band plays behind the bar but that makes it really hard to talk to the bartender . they have a lot of beers on tap and i was impressed by their  of  brews . they even had a few that brewery beers which i cant recall seeing anywhere else . nanother good feature is that the kitchen is open late and the food is very  its much better then typical bar  .
__label__pos this is a brand new buffet . they  to be doing things right here . they  in small portions so the food is fresher than most of the competition . i appreciate that they do this . theres a  selection including a limited sushi offering that was acceptable to me . the kids enjoyed the wide  of dishes as did i. we each found things that we enjoyed and the quality of the food was better than most . favorites of ours included a lightly fried shrimp in a sweet creamy sauce . it was tasty . theres bound to be something that youll enjoy . mongolian bbq a selection of soups salads  and ice  are all included . lunch was 8.99 i think for adults . prices for kids was according to how tall they are . i thought that was humorous . it was clean and welltended .  it out if youre hungry ...
__label__neg we ordered take out from here for dinner last night . nnafter paying our 70 tab 3 soups 2 rolls we opened the containers up at home to be incredibly  . the soups were just ok not the same quality as the first time not  but just ok. nnthe sushi is where we were really pissed off . 15roll to get 6  of what looks like budget sushi . we could have gone to yume sushi and gotten a kick  awesome sushi roll or two for that price but apparently here it gets you a 6 piece baked microwaved rice roll with hardly any other ingredients smothered in spicy not mayo sauce with the teensiest bit of roe sprinkled on top . nnim not gon na  i totally felt downright robbed on this meal and i am not a happy camper about it . the  quality for the prices  is insane . nni wont be back .
__label__neg slow unorganized and  to the brim with crazy people . i prefer to do everything through the service arizona website but  got a letter that i needed to get a new license because my picture was going to expire . it makes total sense that my license is valid until im  but the  expires after 11 years . of course the state charges a nominal fee of 12 to  it . if the state of az was in need of my money id gladly just give it to them if it  avoiding this nightmare . oh and the camera is  to fat ...
__label__pos      with  and   . always consistent grimaldis is always a safe bet on cheat day
__label__pos    on   2012.nnfood looks promising when theres a huge slab of pork rotating on a vertical spit with a pineapple above it to tenderize the meat . its almost as beautiful as one of the girls working the pole down at sapphire but i digress.nn2 a taco made me grimace a little but a smile broke out after i devoured that spicy pork with its creamy sauce ... what was it pineapple based idk but im coming back.nnthe guy working the spit was surprisingly welcoming and patiently answered my noob questions whats the vampiro the vampeeroh he corrected despite the line forming behind me . the lady working the register unfortunately seemed annoyed at my very presence . i suspect the guy gets paid more and is happy the business seems to be flourishing.nntheres ac inside so you can escape the vegas heat . but if you enjoy the desert climate then you can also sit on the covered patio.nnthe asada tacos were pretty good too the chorizo decent . nothing beat the flavor of that spicy pork so i dont bother wasting precious stomach space with less than the best at that location . give this place a shot if youre staying on the strip its on the right hand side as you drive down las vegas blvd right around the time you hit circus circus . tip learn the side streets i.e . paradise rd and avoid the terrible traffic .
__label__pos  ... these are the best tacos i have ever eaten i  only 4 of the   tacos  id leave  for desserts on the  . but the hell with that they were sooooo good and pica i had to go back for more nnif you are anywhere  vegas ... you just have to stop here .
__label__pos so i had heard a lot about tacos el gordo but never thought much about it . i usually dont care for tacos that much and it seemed like just another taco place to me . after my friends kept making a big deal about it i decided to try it on a monday night . upon arriving i was surprised at how many people were there standing in line at 11  . despite the long lines the service was quick prompt and ran in a very strategic way.nnmy first visit there i decided to try 2 adobada tacos with everything on them . upon eating my first taco i couldnt stop myself from shoving the second one in my  and getting back in line for more tacos . it was so tasty and flavorful the sauces mixed so well with the juicy meat and complemented each other  . my second round i decided to try the carne asada tacos which  drove my taste buds wild .  tasted and actually was fresh the meat and tortillas are made right in front of you how can it get any better than that nntacos el gordo is one of the best taco places here in vegas . it gave me a reason to pay  for a  hopefully it amazes you too .
__label__pos really  chicken fingers . i love chicken fingers and order them often and these are some of the best ive had . definitely  above the sort of  food or  chicken finger quality . these are  and crispy and very flavorful especially the stuffed  . i recommend the  parmesan stuffed 
__label__pos       point.nni had an omelet i like mine a bit underdone and it was perfection . my bff had the corned beef hash.nnthe service is exceptional even when they are slammed . i can see why locals love this chainplace .
__label__pos i usually go to franciscos during my late night food binges . i have to say i really love their steak sopes the sopes come topped with tomato lettuce  cream and cheese . they are like  boats of fried  topped with juicy  meat and toppings . make sure to ask for their spicy homemade salsa that they have in squirt bottles . it has a  nice kick to it . everything else on the menu is pretty decent . my favorites are mostly the ala  items tostadas tacos and sopes . i dont really care for the rice and  that most of the entrees come with . if you do stop in for a weekend late night snack then be ready to  a busy restaurant
__label__pos dr. amy is  awesome with   and very thorough . her  is very  and  and i   them .
__label__neg this place is great if you live in shadyside and are in  need of a six pack . otherwise steer clear . its incredibly overpriced and you can hope over to market district on  and get the same selection for a much cheaper price . i will   over to grab a few  if i   last  but otherwise i try to avoid it .
__label__pos food was good but can i tell you that the service was absolutely  . the  was attentive to every detail.nwe never had to wonder where he was or left wanting . when he served the plates he took  to notify  of which side he was placing the plates he  the  he was  . ngreat 
__label__neg the weekend service at this dd location is absolutely awful . on several occasions during peak morning  i have waited in line with dozens of other customers while one very slow employee works at the counter and several others including management do nothing to help . the employees i have encountered on the weekends have no customer service skills either . no friendly greeting very  no smile no thank you when you get your order . they look miserable and dress sloppily . and god forbid you ask for an  that is not in the racks behind them . im glad they dont have the  to put a tip jar out on the counter . it would be emptynnin fairness to this store there is one young lady who works midday during the week who is absolutely wonderful . i wish i knew her name . she is everything the weekend crew is not and she should teach them a bit about customer service.nnit is amazing how  on the east coast is run so differently . you never wait in line more than   they greet you by  and know how you like your coffee . light and sweet is a legitimate request and you always find the variety of product you go in for .
__label__neg the place certainly has potential i will give it that . i went on a thursday night which seems to be a  night of the week my guess is happy hours anywho we sat outside on the small  that overlooked crescent street which was awesome aside from the fact that i had monstrous amounts of smoke billowing up my nose from the patrons down below this is certainly not the restaurants fault but more of a little warning for people who want to sit outsidennservice is awful . our waitress was not friendly at all and made us  a good 25 minutes before she asked us what we would like to  when we told her we only  a few . as we were very patiently waiting i was watching her pick her wedgie constantly check her facebook on her  phone and towel slapping the bartender . not once did she check on any of us outside until i aggressively tapped on the glass to motion her outside.nnfood was ok. it came out in good time however the burger and fries were cold . it was tasty as i ate the entire thing but the fries were over salted and very mooshy . nnlike i  earlier the place definitely has  potential . im hoping i just caught them on a bad night but be forewarned yelpers .
__label__pos ok. for all of you who is wondering if edc in las vegas is better then when it was held in los angeles . in my opinion hell yes . it was well worth it . like everything in this world nothing is perfect . quit being a spoiled beetch about everything and be thankful for the people who worked so hard throwing this event . its not easy to manage an event this massive . anyways . here are the pros and cons to this  eventnnpros nna lot of space for dancing . love it . las vegas speedway is a huge place . everything is pretty much open . you dont  like you are shoulder to shoulder having a hard time trying to get through crowds just to get to the other side . since its an 18 event everyones legal and no more under age kids to kill my high . yay awesome dj lineup . swedish house mafia killed it . entrance and parking was a breeze for us . because we made sure not to arrive when the event started . best thing i love about the event . was that it was in vegas . what better place to  the party with another party back at the hotel suite off the  my point exactly . nnconsnnis the dirt floor . filled with rocks . very hard to dance on . but you would only had to worry about this at the main stage . everything else was pretty much concrete.nrestrooms . their were plenty of portapotties . but not a single bathroom open to the public to  your hands at . the weather was a little warm . but not as hot as you would think it would be since it was vegas . it was actually pretty nice as the  grew later . oh and the bleachers were cut off from being use . so you dont really get that looking down at the crowd massive experience like you would when it was held at the colosseum . but we can do without it . the walk to and from the car . but thats with  massive . nnbut overall . best edc ive experienced so far . definitely will be a next year . nnnote any place is only as good as the company you are with and i was with some awesome people . therefore i had an awesome time .
__label__pos when people ask me how was edc incredible is the only word i can come up with and even that barely says  . nna its a whole other landscape of reality that embraces all styles of the electronic dance music world and the headliners who love it . for me it was home . nngetting here i understand that the smart money is taking a shuttle pass . but in my case we decided to drive to the  and of course made rookie mistake of taking the freeway just like everyone else . the trick is to just  las vegas blvd all the way down itll be an easy 30 minute ride from the strip . nnthe parking itself wasnt  just expect a bit of a walk afterwards . and getting into the even was simple as long as you dont use entrance gate a thats where everyone and the shuttle  get dropped off . nnthe rumors circulating that insomniac dropped 35 million on this event where undeniable . all the stages performers pyrotechnics and art displays where incredible sites to behold . i even got to meet nigel ficke i really hope that picture never pops up ahaha ground  the volunteer assist group always brought the energy and free waters to those in need . nni was rather sad to read some earlier reviews from yelpers that had run ins with people that brought the bad vibes but from my experience i saw nothing of the sort . everyone was all high fives and hugs that actively made efforts to make one feel at home it was unlike an other . nnall the artists where phenomenal and with such a vast array spanning across many stages i was able to catch my favorites while discovering new ones circuit grounds cosmic  and basspod stole the show nni left this place believing that its true haven and the ultimate pilgrimage for any edm fan alongside tomorrowland . one of the only bones i have to pick is that certain artists decided to reside at the  that come out the speedway that till next year
__label__neg le dorchester square est un beau petit parc dans le centreville de montru00e9al ou00f9 jaimerais probablement  plus de temps si je travaillais dans ce coin lu00e0 pour u00e9vader un  et me faire un piquenique en  . en ce    je me retrouve dans ce recoin seulement  la famille vient visiter et quils ont besoin dune carte de le ville disponible au centre dinformations touristiques juste en face . la parc comme tel je laime bien mais les rues environnantes et les bu00e2timents qui lentourent laisse un  u00e0 du00e9sirer . pas mon favori mais pas beaucoup de mauvaises choses u00e0 dire non plus .
__label__pos my wife and i have made it a recent tradition to try and surprise one another onaround our birthdays . my wife knows i love japanese food and picked shin bay to celebrate my 32nd a few weeks ago . she did  ... nnthis place is small unassuming and tucked into the strip  across from the train park . reservations are a must as there are very few tables and its a very popular place . service was great and the food ... oh the food.nni wont do the food any justice in this review . i will do my best . we did a 45 course tasting menu . nnfirst course a crudo black sea bass maybe in a sauce of ponzu grape seed oil and what i imagine unicorn tears to taste like . every  had savory citrus salty and slight fishy flavor . absolutely amazing dish.nnsecond course clams in a mushrooms broth .  fresh delicious . i sipped up all the broth.nnthird course wygu beef strips that you cook on a small hibachi grill . served with asparagus and a delicious sauce . another perfect dish.nnfourth course the sushi course . 6 great pieces . all great.nnfifth course a japanese crem bru00fblu00e9e . one of my favorite deserts so this was a nice surprise.nni finished the night with a japanese whiskey . im a bit of a whiskey freak and this stuff hit the spot . not sure what it was called but our server said it was recommended by the chef . again a perfect choice.nnall in all this was an amazing meal . its pricy but for special  it was perfect . something different and absolutely  . my highest recommendation
__label__neg    at      didnt arrive i called to ask where was it they hanged up and now they are not picking up worst service ever .
__label__pos this is a terrific little place that takes its   but not too . its  and  and felt like a good place to linger for a while . i could not on my visit but i did find out that tea is just as  as coffee here . my green  took a few minutes but it was  the wait . this isnt a cafe to dash in and out of if youre in a hurry but its quality .
__label__neg    .  to     ... i totally regret that decision . we got two different ones and they are horrible not to mention they took 20 minutes to get out and there were only two other tables there . i wont be visiting there again ... ever
__label__pos this is a great place to go if you want to  some genuine pittsburgh culture . their  is  quality and is  in all sorts of pittsburgh ese  and artwork . steelers fans will feel right at home herennalso the  is very friendly and accommodating and the owner is a   person . nncheck this place out
__label__pos wow wow wow this little hole in the wall is amazing my best friends when i was a child were orthodox greek straight from the islands and one of my best friends now is greek and she and her mother make awesome greek food . with all of that being said im a major greek food snob and i have unreasonably high standards as a result . i have been to dozens of greek restaurants over the years and a handful from charlotte nc to columbia sc and handsdown ... greco is far superior to any other that i have been to . the freshness of the ingredients the flavors and seasonings and the quality of the meat is just like my greek friends have made me  to.nni visited greco for a late lunch . even at 200 on a weekday there were several people in their enjoying their meals and more coming in as i was waiting . the decor is unpretentious and captures the essence of greece beautifully . it has a bit of a greek  feel which i love the service was fast and  and i enjoyed watching the chef owner maybe prepare my food ... fresh is the key word in the title here . i watched intently and everything was homemade tzatziki greek dressing lamb patties etc.nni ordered the lamb gyro combo with lemon and oregano fries and a peasant salad . the lamb patties for the gyro are made onsite with fresh lamb and the most perfect greek lamb seasoning blend . its cooked on the grilltop to order not made from greasy prefab mounds kept warm on a a spit . this is real deal the meat was moist tender and delicious it was served with housemade tzatziki and tomato on a warm pita i asked them to hold the onions . the tzatziki is made with yogurt fresh shredded cucumbers fresh herbs and tons of garlic ... .its a flavor sensation the fries ... omg the fries the most incredible seasoned fries i have ever tasted . tastes like traditional greek potatoes but in french fry form brilliant marketing move btw ... everyone loves french fries . french fries are fresh cut with skins fried crispy on the outside and fluffy in the middle and then they are tossed in a bowl with salt lemon juice and oregano . i will have dreams about these fries lol last but not least is the peasant salad . the peasant salad is everything that you love about a traditional greek salad  the lettuce . giant wedges of plump red tomatoes thinly sliced red onion sliced seedless cucumbers with the skin on kalamata olives and big cubes of deliciously salty and tangy feta cheese . again all of the ingredients are put into a  and handtossed with greek dressing and an extra dash of seasoning . salad is served with warm pita wedges . it was a fantastic salad and the serving was huge salads can also be topped with their housemarinated chicken or shrimp or their yummy lamb . they also have a vegetarian pita made with red peppers eggplant and zucchini and a kids menu . they also offer whole wheat pitas for a mere .25 charge.nnprices are excellent as well . i paid 15.00 gyro combo with fries and a drink and a fullsized peasant salad and i made two meals out of it btw the fries reheat perfectly in the oven nnif you are looking for heavy greek dishes such as pasticio baked fish or leg of lamb this isnt the place . if you are looking for delicious greek quick dishes this is a musttrynni cant  to go back with my husband ... .he is going to love it i must try the spanikopita next timenni have a new favorite lunch placennupdate oct 8 2012 i have been back 34 times since my original review and the 5star rating still stands the service is always excellent and the ingredients are always very fresh . my  son and mother have also eaten here with me and they love it too . i truly cant say enough about the housemade gyro meat ... it is moist and perfectly seasoned every time we have also tried the spanikopita and it is very good too this is the  for gyros
__label__neg ive been to cucos once before . at that time it was decent nothing special but when i went back tonight i was very disappointed as were my two friends that were with me . my friend and i both ordered combo meals which included a cheese quesadilla a chicken enchilada and something that was supposed to be refried beans . the  meal was very  for the  . the quesadilla was just a tortilla made with shredded mozzarella cheese not even mexican cheese and no spices or anything . extremely bland . the enchilada was quite  as  . no flavor whatsoever . the  beans were extremely watery and as weird as it sounds they had a coffee taste and my friend agrees . im not one to  reviews and am usually very happy with meals at restaurants but this was not good . my other friend ordered a taco salad and said it was  but nothing special . the service wasnt wonderful either . our waiter didnt seem all that friendly never asked of we needed more chips or water and forgot a side of sour cream we had ordered . i would not recommend this restaurant . its a waste of money .
__label__neg the   of eyelash  customer  nnntheres so many things wrong with this business . i went here multiple times to there master level lash techs spent hundreds if not thousands on there featherized full set lashes . had countless refills here . i was going about once every week and a half to 2 weeks to maintain a featherized full look but for what i was paying it was not worth it at all and was the biggest scam i have ever experienced in las vegas and ill tell you why . nn1 . this business is not in favor of the customer . they schedules are difficult and inconsistent with timing if you develop a preference for one if there specific  techs and want work done by them you will only be able to book according to there overly filled strictly timed schedules . nn2 . once you give your credit card information to them if you miss even a few minutes or have a serious matter come up to where you are late by accident they are very unforgiving . even if you are there biggest customer spending around 400 on full sets weekly . nn3 . once the lash tech is done . she is done . she is on to the next client and you can only check out . if you are not happy and need more fullness or missing a gap good luck . you will most likely be forced to reschedule at their convenience even after you have payed hundreds on the spot . nn4 . ive spent hundreds on a featherized full set but due to there time slot regulations ive only had about 80 of my lashes filled and yes thats with a master techand arriving on time fully . nn5 . since there booking is so random be sure not to get too comfy with a lash tech . youll most likely need to get a fill buy another lash tech since there scheduling is very complex . nn6 . this place defeats the purpose of a luxury service . your basically bending over backwards to have synthetic mink applied to your lashes with an extremely weak glue that causes your lashes to fall out during the first week and ride out having gaps in your lashes for the next few until your next fill . my current lashes do not budge at all even after 3 weeks they actually grow out with my lashes rather then gap and look ridiculous . this is problematic if your looking to save money and maintain a voluminous look . nn7 . this is not the place if your looking to get creative with your lashes and build a relationship with your tech . theres too much scheduling issues and this business is about pumping out basic lashes on any woman they can find in vegas . its simply all about the money sadly.nn8 . its just too over priced for what your getting . look around and youll find other lash places in las vegas if you want to make this be a regular part of your committed beauty regime . nn9 . at one point a featherized fill was not enough to keep my lashes full due to there time slot regulations so i was forced to book a fill plus plus a mini fill on top just to maintain a full look that still only covered about 90 of my lashes i was paying hundreds a week honestly just to maintain a false eye lash look . my current lash salon beyond beauty gets all of my lashes filled in once appointment setting and i have no problems with gaps what so ever . the price is not astronomical as well . this place is really unforgiving overpriced and lacks any type of luxury feeling for the  for what you will be spending if you plan to spend a lot here be careful youll only be suckered into spending more . thats there objective . to make as much money possible in one day . if thats the type of business you want performing a service that involves time creativity and personalization this is not the place to go
__label__neg      . not  but not  .  delivery .
__label__neg   ever . i sat there waiting for the lady barber for 20 minutes and she saw me as one of her regular customers . she  the guy in front of me and then  to me and says oh  i have an appointment right now . these  give no consideration to someone elses schedule . wont be going back into this dump . get your hair cut from  that is much more  .
__label__neg    ...  north   .   vegas nv ... is the nastiest place to order food from . the food is under cooked and raw . when you speak to them about your order they tell you that the food was just fine and that your complaint will fall deaf ears and they will not do anything about . the manager ... holl ... i think that is what they called him will tell you that he spoke to the owner and they will not do anything about it you either like or your out of luck ... . this place is 10 stars . i wouldnt feed there food to animals . notify the health department for raw food when ordered well done and bbb about business practices .
__label__neg brought a  here  it would be coolnnwrongnncute girls friendlynnnbut food sucked grilled wings are worst i have ever had and had to send them back twicennfinally after the 2nd time said we didnt want them for a 3rd first time not cooked fully and  2nd time burnt and not like  grilled chicken  burntnnthey took them off the bill of course but  charged  the .59 cents for the 2nd ranch we ordered for those wing ... and would not take it offnninsane ... nnok spot for a beer but should have known better than to plan on eating at a place like this
__label__neg  and  reservations for 915 and they told me the their kitchen  make last call at 945. arrived at 910 and they told our  of 12 that the kitchen was closed not a very happy group being turned away that late when there is a large  in town you should plan to stay  to  .
__label__pos first time coming to the place and our  brea couldnt have been nicer . i wasnt  with the menu so i asked her for some suggestions . nnthe happy  here seemed pretty cheap . the food was  . i would definitely come  . nnwe went from the  room out to the patio  how nice of a day it was outside . nnoverall satisfaction with our visit . great place to eat and pretty cool environment . i would  anyone to come and visit this downtown grill and pub .
__label__pos carlos  the grill was very courteous and respectful .  to  customer oriented service  is  in some establishments . the al pastor is excellent and the   is very tasty as 
__label__pos wastin away again in poutinevillensearching for toppings i cant haltnsome claim that its a womans  to blamenbut i know its probably our fault.nnthis is what  when you have 3 women go to poutineville it took us a good 20 minutes to order with one who clearly  what she wanted another trying to decide which would be the best  and then me who doesnt often deviate from the original version . during our indecisiveness the first  piling on the choose your own toppings in the create your own the second  gets it just right with a lot of spice and i decided to be daring and add sweet potato fries and mushrooms to my curds and original sauce . nnour server was lovely and although i had heard much about the place i just dont find myself over in that area to go so for my first time visit i was pleased as a poutine . nnin case youre wondering about what my first friend chosenregular fries braised beef mushrooms red wine sauce with curds mozzarella and peas . shes from vancouvernn2nd nitalian sausage spicy peppers sweet potato fries  pepper sauce curdsnnoh and ps they have a 70 poutine on the menu featuring 5lbs of fries and i cant remember what else because i was too busy trying to think of what 5lbs of fries would look like . nnbut go . try it . great service patient and i dont think of poutine as being weird here really its just a twist on the classic and i stayed close to the classic and it was yummy
__label__pos    poutine pour les garnitures variees et les grosses  les frites  sont trop bonnes  la sauce est ordinaire . le reste sur le menu est pas mal jai essaye les burgers et rien a redire nnmon  manger une poutine sur  ca vaut la peine .
__label__pos while you can grab a six  at almost any bar in this lovely neighborhood i call home i was really missing having a  beer distributor within walking distance.nnthis place not only supplied me with dogfish head  ale and tru00f6egs mad elf but a usually great array of  variety beers and old standards for when im not looking to spend a pretty penny . nnthey offer a walk in with a lot of awesome beers already chilled too.nnthe best part though at the  the owner has a huge  of trading cards . im not talking brand new baseball cards this is yo mtv raps 80s baseball and hockey cards and michael keaton era batman cards . its a fun  when youre walking out with your beer pruchase .
__label__pos this place is the best  ever . for 2 reasons really.n1 . every flavor is addictive and delicious . n2 . the owners of this quaint  place are the sweeeeetest most adorable people i have ever  . nthey were needlessly friendly and helpful . every time i come i  their  .  of  .
__label__pos   cru00eame glacu00e9e   tru00e8s achalandu00e9 les soirs ou00f9 il fait chaud.nils font aussi de tru00e8s bonnes bu00fbches de nou00ebl .
__label__pos yay they have multiple baos and dumplings . we shared the dumplings jiao  pork and chive baos and  bean pork noodles zha jian mien ... or the basics it seemed . ill review the noodles first . i have to admit i am slightly addicted to the korean version jjajangmyun and this was my first time with the chinese  . i found this to be a little too salty and definitely lacking the flavors that make me eat jjajangmyun every single time i eat at a korean restaurant . i really cant speak to the quality of the chinese version but i dont think ill be ordering this again before i try more on the menu . too salty too oniony just not quite there for me . nnthe dumplings i had with them on the side were delicious and i could sit and eat those all day .  of  cooked perfectly and plump . nnthe bao was also really good . the dough was some of the  i have had ... as someone who has never been to china . the filling didnt quite seem to fill the cavity but it tasted great . real standard but delicious . nnfinally the red bean bao . these did not disappoint . i am looking forward to trying chinese custard so i will order those next time but will keep ordering these if those dont  out to be incredible . nnoverall this is good bao and dumplings . we got the basics this time but we are looking forward to going back and trying other ones . nnalso their water container is imported from italy and is awesome .
__label__pos their     minutes    valley . jeremy was friendly quick and efficient . he knew the problem in  and the repairs were completed quickly . i had a cold house weirton 1.5 hours from my call for repairs . i got five star service but gave them for stats because it was a bit pricey but for me it was worth it to not have to wait and have friendly service .
__label__pos love it here the  is so  she always does my eyebrows and theyre  every time . this place is the only place i go to get my  threaded for the past  years ive been in the area i dont need to  about them getting messed up when i go here . its  and convenient .
__label__neg we ate there lst night  against hope that we finally had a relatively inexpensive restaurant with some  menu options than  bar food . while the food was  and the  was good and the menu looked promising we will  go back since the place reeks of smoke . i have no idea how anyone can eat food in that kind of environment . too bad well have to keep looking.nntom
__label__pos  yum  .     with no frills .  for itself . ask for  .
__label__pos the atmosphere would be considered upscale . it was a little stuffy on the  in my opinion so we decided to sit on the  . ni ordered sushi and it tasted very fresh and was wellprepared . nthe service  have  some improvement though based on our experience . our  seemed  she was new and wasnt too knowledgeable when it came to the menu . she also somehow missed getting us soy sauce when she delivered our sushi and didnt stop in to our table frequently enough to check on us.ni would  back but with slightly lower  for the service .
__label__pos i was visiting the phoenix area to see my brother and watch a sharkscoyotes game . while i was here i also wanted to find a krav maga school so that i can train even when out of the bay area . i found  valley krav  through the krav alliance as a possible place to work out . two weeks before arriving i had sent an email to the school explaining that i would be in the area and wanted to know what i had to do to be able to train there while visiting . i received a response the next day from derrick saying come on in 10 minutes before class to  out the waiver . thats all you need to do.nnwhen we got there we were greeted by derrick and the young woman at the front desk . regretfully i didnt get her name but she was very nice . we filled out the paperwork while waiting for the childrens class to finish up . during that time we talk to derrick about the school how long has it been there number of students types of  etc . he was very open with answering any questions we had.nnafter the childrens class we met the other instructor charlie . it was amazing to watch this guy teach these kids krav ... he was extremely patient . from what i saw it looked like he was  cats but he managed to  the class in complete control ... very cool.nnafter stretching out the class started with some warm ups ... sit ups push ups running shadow boxing . this went on for about a half an hour . after it was the defense for a choke from the front . first breaking down the moves then putting it all together and changing partners several times to have a good chance to work . all the  i  with very friendly and welcoming . we ended the class with a multiple attacker drill.nnall in all i found this to be a great school with good friendly and knowledgeable teachers and would recommend this place to anyone who wants to learn to defend themselves . as we were leaving we were told that we were welcome to train there anytime we are in the area ... i plan on taking them up on it . i also plan on telling all the people at my home school in union city about this place .
__label__neg the  is great and the service was good.nwhere  fell short was in their execution . meals were slow to arrive . being polite we waited until everyone had their meal but the delay was ridiculously long . the pizza itself was nothing spectacular . the water buffalo mozzarella was kind of nice but was done a disservice by the overcooked crust and bland sauce.nto me it was all the signs of a  kitchen that just couldnt hack the pressure . id normally brush it off and say ill be back to try it on a less crowded night but with their  i dont know.nnnbottom linenwhen you charge 18 for a  cheese pizza your game better be 
__label__pos ok so pinkberry infiltrating the charlotte froyo scene wasnt my greatest hope and dream but the  location has turned me into a believer . walk into the ikealaden shop and feast your eyes upon some of the most audacious flavors known to the yogurt . the staff always  newbies and hands out samples like its a festival . my adivce if youve never been to pinkberry or you are trying froyo for the first time sample all of them . there is always a good range of regular flavors and a few adventurous choices . nnthe staff always remembers us and knows that we  two  . thanks for the recognition we may as well start a pinkberry  nearby . nntoppings the  is cut a little too large for my liking but suffice is to say that it is fresh and not out of a gross can or frozen . all together now dark chocolate crisps are the best thing since sliced bread . aaaand there was much rejoicing throughout the land . these are the best topping for ... .any of the yogurts . i dont even care if its mango these little guys are your  friend . perfect amount of crunch and chocolate flavor . like a miniature chocolate symphony of crunchy greatness packed in each spoonful . nnthanks pinkberry for entering the charlotte scene so tastefully . youve won over this froyo aficionado . 
__label__neg c est completement deguelasse  edroit on a attendu une   avoir notre   la moitie de la  a ete malade apres avoir mange la   pas de qualite n allez surtout pas la
__label__neg cest vraiment un beau restaurant ya une belle ambiance le service est bon mais le rapport qualitu00e9  nest  pas lu00e0 . nncest plate quand tu  ton assiste  te disant tu aurais pu avoir mieux pour beaucoup moins  . nnvraiment du00e9u00e7u .
__label__pos   in    worldclass 
__label__pos outstanding . my review had to start with that single  . we were in montreal for the formula 1 race and of course on saturday night reservations throughout the city were impossible to get . our concierge at the w talked with the lads at le bremner and worked some magic to  us in to the bar area . nwe loved it . the bartenders  some exceptional cocktails based on le bremners inhouse syrups and the wine list was thoughtfully selected and had some great options . we had some oysters to start with some excellent fresh made relish . my wife raved about the salmon and crab main dish she had while i enjoyed a lamb salad which was fantastic . of course no fine meal is complete without dessert and we had the tastiest beignets which i washed down with a cold coffee martini . the  was fantastic all around . the  were young and hip but energetic friendly fun and most of all very talented . the atmosphere is  from the minute you walk in if you can find the unmarked  street entry . ni  recommend le bremner and wish them all the success in the world . if we are ever back in montreal we will stop in again .
__label__pos wanted to try this resto for a while . saw it on the event montreal a table so called to make a reservation . the food was not  . i saw the less good reviews and couldnt really understand why .  i am just  . this is the part about restaurant that is  to  the food quality that are not consistent . service was so so little  at filling our glass of water . the place have very nice  . overall i like the experience . hope it could  up the good work not just for montreal a table
__label__pos i love this target . once this  opened up a few years ago i was on board . who can  riding carts up and down escalators the parking deck is not difficult to get in and out of like other   ... .  eagle and you know youre going to be able to  whatever youre looking for at a relatively cheap price whether it be food clothes  stuff  electronics etc . they obviously have it all and it has been well maintained and pretty well staffed as long as it has been opened . if i lived closer i would be there all of the time .
__label__neg double check your deposit and your  . i have  counterfeit money and my  were  a few times once you leave they wont help you .    .
__label__pos good traditional  in my opinion . my  got the al pastor and it was delish i kept picking the  of his plate . i had the cheese enchilada chile  and crunchy taco with  and  and the plates are huge . luckily this makes good left overs . definitely check it out and get the  . so 
__label__neg   and    .  i   to run into a gaggle of old ghouls trying to shove themselves into juniors clothing . i am 26 and i think its borderline inappropriate for me to shop at platos closet let alone someone who could be my grandparent . if you collect social security or are a member of aarp you need to get the eff out .
__label__neg  customer service  store . nthey  buy  i bring in ... but when i take it to trend traders or buffalo  they  it ... ndont care  for this  .
__label__pos just  from a wonderful stay in montreal at the incomparable chez swann .  hotel with a sexy boutique vibe . comfortable  and an incredible shower made for the perfect crash space at the  of a day of exploring and wandering . the concierge herman was an  gem who was always helpful and pleasant and genuine and who  us to the  that this wonderful city has to offer . i have stayed in a number of hotels world wide but few measure up to the experience of chez  . 5 stars
__label__neg called and asked if there was a wait for my wife and i to get spa pedicures . lady avoided my question three times and assured me that i could get us in in 30  . we get there and the place is packed . i asked again ... is there a wait lady  avoids my question and sits us in the spa chair with our feet in the water . we sit ... sit..sit..no one comes to  on us and my wife couldnt even pick out her color in advance . when we asked why we were waiting when i   times if there would be a wait the  said theyre running behind . i said ...  why didnt you just say that to begin with why lie just to get us here avoid this place like the plague ... unethical business practices
__label__neg vapianos is just okay . given that i dont  uptown and coming uptown and trying to find parking around lunch is as frustrating as it is vapianos would never be be where i choose to ever go.nnanyways been here twice . it is cafeteria style like all the other reviews mentioned and has a fun loungey but modern vibe . they supposedly and rather publicly make their own pasta and grow all their herbs . funny how they always seem to be pressing pasta and rolling herbs in the cart during lunch rush ... speaking of lunch rush tables are hard to come by if you come right at noon . you are able to reserve them thoughnnthe portions are good but it is a little on the expensive side for the quality . i do enjoy the bread served hot and love that they have oil and vinegar on the table for dipping . nnive gotten the caprese pizza and the turkey club panini and have been let me down both times . they just seem to skimp on the toppings and  see picture of turkey club with  bit of prosciutto . lunch mate had maybe 4 olive slices on the whole damn pizza.nnthey only have a few panini options and no bread choices . the pasta and pizza menus are pretty size able  . the side salad which come with the paninis is iceberg lettuce and they will not ask your dressing option . nnoverall like i said this would never be somewhere i would choose to  given all the other many wonderful  in the area but its quick and they put on a pretty good  .
__label__pos first noticed vapianos in europe and it was love at first bite . i enjoy thin crust pizza without a lot of sauce and this place definitely satisfied my need . i was pleasantly surprised to see one in charlotte . the pasta is delicious and if you like to have people serve or wait on you  this place but if youre looking for tasty pasta at a nice price with a  atmosphere definitely  it . dont be intimidated by the self  system . its not rocket  . take your card they give you when you come in to the  you prefer  or pasta and order . they have a small menu or you can create your own . you scan your card as you place your order and take a buzzer which will go off when your food is done . you  on the way out by scanning the card again . done and full
__label__neg  . avoid.nnetouffee was ...  .  were  .  was wrong .
__label__pos breakfast nn it was crazy busy the morning me and another yelper went to ncounter . long line so i was told to  at the bar still a  wait actually i  it was longer ... therefore just  in the line . nni couldve eaten the french toast and ncounters farmers market bene  eggs   tomato avocado hollandaise sauce and potatoes . delicious the farmers market bene that is i will have to go back for the french toast . i also had ordered a mimosa . more alcohol please next time .
__label__neg we  it was a joke when my banana foster french toast was covered with a film of brown slime coming out from the mouth of the possessed girl from exorcist . after a few stirs the revolting concoction would coagulate into an amorphous blob metastasizing and multiplying to devour its prey in a science horror  . nnpanicky and nauseous we summoned our young waitress to attend to our distress . this is the banana foster sauce . it is not  to be syrupy and this is how its always been made like this she answered with such composure and disinterest in our seemingly futile concern . nncuriosity dared us to ask how the sauce was made . returned with the  object still on the plate our waitress proclaimed it was cooked with  reduced sugar triple sac and cornstarch  dna ... .nnlightning struck us as we exited the restaurant in trepidation into the  109 degree heat under the phoenix sun we were in  arizona .
__label__neg average for the strip which  is pretty poor . nndecor typical  end for strip restaurant . sushi bar area and lounge area in  to dining and area . ndress casualnquality cut and appearance is above average.nprice high end 50 per  not including drinksnfood other than presentation the food is exceedingly average in taste which is  . normally ive give it two stars but for the  i have to drop it to one .  only bright  was the dessert . excellent presentation and flavorful . nstaff some appear a bit clueless others are very attentive .
__label__neg worst dining experience this trip started with waiter recommending not to order a  ... seriously then waiter said order delayed due to sushi order wrong . they said  the sushi and right out . 15 min later the excuse was a big order in front of  . finally 1.5 hours later we finally called a manager over for the check . they comped the appetizers and my daughters  while making  all the  . poor  . definitely on the never again while in vegas  .
__label__neg very     . i     30 minutes for cold wings and a sandwich . they dont care about food or customers so save your money . ftp
__label__pos we had a great  here.nice and helpful front deskclean room   and good breakfastas a three star hotel it was good.n the location was very  too .
__label__neg surprise surprise . ignorant people hire ignorant liers . this is straight to tim . very careless and  . ive been a loyal customer since 2011 with getting my tint done . i  highly referred your shop for tint . im not some punk kid in daddies bmw . i work my back side off for what i own . the damage done to my genesis was not my fault . ill stand by that 100. your lucky yelp wont let me up load the video curtis sent me . garbage quality and he talks the entire time . not once did my wheels turn left . youd rather lie just like the rest of your employees . ive gotten quotes from 5 different places to get my wheel fixed . its sad you cant admit fault keep a customer  and spend the hundred bucks it is to fix my car . i find it ignorant that you would say that i would  damage a brand new car . thats pathetic so youve  a highly loyal customer and all my referals . dont bother responding . since you dont return phone calls either . technically your liable either way since you dont have anything staing your not liable for damage and curtis told me a customer came in with stretched tiers and wide wheels . his  was damaged due to his fault and you still offered to pay half but yet i get told to go pound sand . classy .   this place a bunch of liers and ignorant disrespectful individuals from owner down to the last guy wiping down cars .
__label__neg i always  places a second chance when i have a notsogreat experience the first time . i figure hey everyone has an off  and the establishment is kind of new so i should cut them a break.nnthe second time here assured me i will not be  . the service here is really bad . we had the same waitress both times who just doesnt seem to care . i had been in the food service for years awhile back so i know this is not the way you  guests.nnboth times i was there they were out of something that  ordered . it took a long time for the waitress to get us waters and even longer to get drinks . the place was not very busy yet it seemed to take forever for us to get second drinks . we asked for 3 separate checks 1 for me 1 for another friend and 1 for my friend and her husband and the waitress  back with  on one bill . when we asked her to separate it again we were very clear she gave us 4 separate checks putting my friend and her husband on different bills . when we asked her to change it she acted like it was no big deal that she did it wrong in the first place.nnthe food here is okay but the place doesnt look or feel like a british pub . with some other wonderful pubs in town with great  great food and great atmosphere this one just isnt worth it .
__label__pos        
__label__pos we have eaten at the restaurant several times as we enjoy the food and last night  friends another couple as it was one of their birthdays . in the afternoon called and spoke with a hostess to tell her would like happy birthday written on the plate on whatever dessert was ordered . when we  at the  ran in ahead and mentioned it to the hostess different than the one  with on the phone . when we did in  order dessert there was no  of a birthday with either a candle or writing on the plate . it was a very slow evening so no excuse about being busy but just that the messages were not  to the waiter who was very good by the way and not his fault . this was disappointing as we wanted to finish off the evening with that surprise . called the manager this morning who apologized but absolutely no offer of a gift  for a dessert that could make this up to my friend . that was not good business .
__label__pos very    and very clean and  inside ... ..would recommend the  wonton soup and   rice 
__label__neg i visited lillys on forbes avenue in squirrel hill last week . i decided to give it a try because several people were eating at the sidewalk tables and the pasta and meatballs looked good with generous portions . there are pictures on the wall and you order from the wall menu by building your pasta dish in three steps . it was dinner time so i ordered ziti step 1 with pink  vodka sauce at a hefty price of 9.99 step 2 and added meatballs step  from the fresh  at 2 for 1.49. i also ordered a large piece of tiramisu for 4.99.nnthis was a take out order that cost me 30 minutes of my time . the wait seemed a bit long but i was hungry and looking forward to enjoying my meal when i got home 15 minutes later.nnit was around 7 pm when i ordered this meal on a wednesday night and they must have been running low on vodka sauce and pasta because both were scarce and what there was of the sauce was bland tasting . also they must have run out of the meatballs i paid for as they were not included in the bag so i cant comment on the taste . i will say that the young employees they have working there are more concerned with socializing than paying attention to the orders they are filling . when i got to the dessert it was half the size of the palm of my hand maybe 4 long and 2  and looked  up . i  5.00 for a large size so how small must their small size be for 3.00 the tiramisu did not  fresh made . more like it came out of a generic frozen box.nndont waste your hard earned money here . rose tea cafe just up the street has better noodles than this place
__label__neg jai demandu00e9 au serveur dallumu00e9 la bougie  fois  ru00e9sultat  la facture.nla pau00ebla  trop chaude trop salu00e9 trop cuite  brulu00e9 .
__label__neg i have two great dane puppies and was looking to  them their vaccinations and set up to be neutered.nnthey offer pet prevention plans which if you sign up for can save you an additional 1015 additional services . while for the most basic things this is a rather reasonable expense . however one of the pups magically contracted parvo after being vaccinated for it.nnthey wanted to charge me 800 in random tests to find out what was wrong . i said no and asked them to do 1 test at a time until they found out what was wrong . which once parvo came back positive that saved me nearly 600 dollars . seeing as they were the clinic the pups have been seen the most at i continued to use their services to treat parvo . a highly contagious and extremely deadly disease . they  no precautions in handling my dog gloves bib protective gear . which scarily may have put other dogs at great risk . he spent 2 days getting fluids amoxicillian  and anti nausea medicine . i cant speak of him being quarantined or isolated for the safety of other dogs coming in . all said and done we spent over 1000 dollars in  our dog with  anti nausea pills and a bottle of amoxicillian . since we were  on being consulted before running other various tests that were unnecessary . after researching and making a few phone calls we asked for an xray to be done at the closing hours . they obliged and ran xrays after hours for us . they came back with a blockage and possible intestinal  scare . they advised us to take our pet to a local emergency pet hospital after spending 2 days in their hospital . nnthe people were friendly but very busy and they were frequently over run with people waiting . which is part of life but when our dog has parvo we should have been informed from the start to keep him isolated and not be walking him through the store . nnthe main dr was very friendly and she did seem knowledgeable but this is a very business oriented place that over charges for some very basic things . nnthe emergency hospital visit is by far more expensive but we have essentially lost 2 days and 1000 dollars worth of services that could of gone to an establishment better equipped to handle the illness that is very time sensitive and  treatment is critical for our dogs survival . nni highly recommend going to a real vet office .
__label__neg if you are looking for a qwik   now offers a wrap or sandwich of your choosing along with a bad of chips and a  for 5. i picked the southwestern chicken wrap . the wrap was cut in half . the first half was  . the bread was  soft and  . the two  2nd half was drowned in its own wrap juices and completely  .
__label__pos i havent lived in charlotte that long and i saw nicks was  new so i decided to try it . best decision i have  since i moved down here ... as soon as me and my girlfriend walked in we were greeted by  very nice young ladies who escorted us to our table . we were greeted by our server very quickly . the atmosphere was very inviting and pleasant . me and my girlfriend decided to get the blue crab and artichoke casserole as an appetizer to share . the potato chips served with it were fantastic i would definitely get it again . we then got our  i have never been a blue cheese fan but their wedge salad with blue cheese dressing was the perfect size and was amazing words cant even describe how awesome it was my girlfriend ordered the salmon which she actually got to decide how it was prepared which was very nice . it was very fresh and flavorful i ordered the filet mignon with a pimento cheese crust . best filet i have ever had . the best part about our experience was that we had multiple servers ask us how we were doing  of like a team effort which was really nice . we  dont get dessert but we decided to get the cheesecake with a raspberry sorbet topping again words cant describe how  it was . my girlfriend ended up eating most of it i would definitely  nicks steak and taphouse and i will be going back as soon as i get the chance
__label__neg it was eh..i only tried this place kuz working in  hollywood i got the  discountnhad the cajun roll and honestly for what i paid id thought it be better.ntried the lobster mac and cheese barely any lobster..nso i  the clam chowder on two seperate occasions first time delicious went back and the  chowder tasted so  down disgusting . havent been back sincenfries were great tho that i can not complain
__label__pos it always bothers me when people give a place less stars just based on the price . nnfirst of all youre in las vegas . they dont call it lost wages for nothing . second of all its  lobster in what world is lobster ever  please tell me . id like to  in that world . nnrant over . now lets  to the nitty gritty . lobster mes food . i had the lobsicle and the lobster bisque . the jury is still out on battered and fried lobster tail on a stick . maybe im partial to grilled or broiled lobster but it was just ok. nothing to write  about . the bisque however hit the spot . the flavor was great and there were nice little chunks of lobster throughout and it came in a bread bowl . i love bowls you can eat . who doesnt the only bad thing about this place is theres not enough seating .  though it was very mallfoodesque the service was incredible . the people that work there are grade a i dont think i had better  my entire trip . you go lobster me you go
__label__pos great atmosphere tucked  in the south  .  is  good .     .
__label__neg this review covers the dim sum only . upon walking into the restaurant expectations were high since the decor is notably more modern than the usual chinese restaurant ambience and currently residing in henderson i was optimistic towards the prospect of a decent dim sum joint without having to make the trek towards spring mountain . from start to finish id have to say the quality of the dim sum was consistently meh . my mom dad and sister joined me and i found it problematic that each dish had some undeniable flaw that found all  of us consistently in unanimous agreement . nntemperature a marker of good quality and signs of active turnover is how hot the dishes are when they arrive at your table . virtually every dish was room temperature on arrival and even after we requested a fresh one or that they reheat a dish it came back lukewarm at best . nntexture the daikon cakes were gelatinous and  the crispy edges the long flat rice noodle filled with shrimp were overcooked and the shrimp dumplings the benchmark for dim sum had skins that were gummy . even the salt and pepper squid pretty much a staple at any chinese restaurant was coated in a dark brown batter that resembled the kfc extra crispy batter  than the airy tempura batter that barely coats the the natural contours of the squid pieces.nnservice my  and i had a recent discussion regarding the rise of korean and japanese cuisine in the states and the relative stagnation of chinese food .  of the things which are done well in the former two is service and its almost an anticipated assumption that any decent chinese restaurant will have either rude servers or mismatched silverwareplates  as a cultural whole neatness and courtesy are not heavily emphasized as you would normally expect when walking into a koreanjapanese restaurant . folks here seem apathetic and inattentive which is all the more surprisingly considering the  opening was within the past few weeks.nnmy mother who usually can be quite forgiving towards chinese food summed it up best paraphrased from chinesennif our friends ever invite us to this place i will probably have to make up some excuse for our unavailability so as to avoid  backnntheres dim sum and then some ... .and this is definitely the latter .
__label__neg very disappointing . i have been there a few times before and it was adequate but its been about 6 months . i  want to like this place because we live in henderson about 10 minutes away and would like not to have to go all the way to chinatown.nnso we arrived about 1230 and it was about half  . the long and short of it is that they only had a couple of carts going around with minimal variety . most of the dishes were lukewarm to room temperature we had to  to have a couple of them nuked . nnthe carts never had anything new and there were no servers circulating with specials.nnwe have been to almost all restaurants serving dim sum in  with kjs at the rio so far the best and todays experience the worst in  years in the valley . we lived in san francisco for 30 years so we were perhaps a bit spoiled . our expectations were  going in but our  were very high . as i started out very disappointing and  not recommend.nnfor us never again at least under present management .
__label__neg les portions sont lilliputiennes . pour du00eener jai pris une assiette smorebrod 3   pour 13 taxes plus pourboire je suis restu00e9e sur ma faim . cu00e9tait par contre du00e9licieux . il me   pour ce genre de cafu00e9 pour 13 on devrait pouvoir manger un  complet surtout si on   miroiter une assiette.nnjai aimu00e9 le du00e9cor  lambiance .
__label__pos good hotdogs with an awesome  . i just had an angry dog topped with spicy bulgogi   jalapeu00f1os and spicy  . seriously  of the  hotdogs ive ever had and definitely the most unique .
__label__neg ive had  service from a pimple faced enthusiastic kid from taco bell ... we asked for a table on a wednesday  and were told no way possible without reservations but the bar had full menu service . so we went to the bar . as soon as we asked for menus the bartender asked if we wanted to be seated at a table . we said we already asked and they were booked . she then suggested a high top table at the bar so we took one of those . we waited at it for about 15 minutes before being helped . once the waitress came over we were ready to order dinner . we then waited about 45 minutes ... no bread ... no waitress ... no nothing we took the bread off another table that left  to lack of  because we were  steaks finally came out after an hour ... no silverware and overcooked . big surprise ... my baked potato  out about 10 minutes after i finished my  . not a standard desert but i was hungry so o gave it a whirl ... pretty much raw . i wouldnt of been happy paying 20 for this shit let alone the 70 ot cost . do not come here ever
__label__neg    .  would not   for eggs despite having an allergy .  not even discount the price for not including  . we we told that we could purchase something else and what did we expect coming to a farm fresh restaurant . we are locals and will not be eating there ever again . so disappointing .
__label__pos everything is really really  . my favorite is the  chicken  but ive also had the  home   beef hash so delicious chicken and waffles ... .delicious . my husband was not impressed with the chicken pot  but everything  has been really unique and tasty . we took friends who also raved .
__label__pos amaze  this place is awesome we ate twice in  weekend . if you have to wait no worries its  it the food and service was awesome we had a realy cool guy serving us and  us a hard time but in a super funny way the food was all huge so be prepared  are the best  ever in my life . it was the lunch special . jalepenos and   . yumnwill go back again next time
__label__pos it is  girls worst nightmare ... finding a new hairstylist . i have been faced with this daunting task for a couple of months now . after asking for peer references i was referred to ally at saskia . i quickly made an appointment and am so glad i did nnthe salon itself has only been open for a short time . the decor is comforting the ambiance relaxing and all staff members are very friendly . at the risk of  dated i have learned that a business that provides good  service is certainly one worth returning to . i was also appreciative of the audrey hepburn movies playing in the back room nnally was a delight and obviously very good at what she does . after doing a quick  meeting we got to  on fixing my starvedforattention hair . i have very thick and finicky hairthis seemed to be no problem for my  fabulous stylist . after my partial highlight and cut i happily paid my bill knowing that it was well  the services rendered . looking forward to my next appointment at this up and coming salon
__label__pos when my  landed early the driver ben called me to  that he knew of the early arrival and when i got my bag to give him a call . after i picked up my luggage i called him and he was already at the terminal pickup . the driver was pleasant courteous friendly and   . the car was clean and roomy . he handled my luggage door to  . i plan on using the  to get back to the  . i highly  this company and driver .
__label__pos this is the second time coming to genghis grill and to tell you the true i was a little  in going in again because the service the first time at the tempe market where waitresses and waiters were very indiferent to even check periodically or ask if we needed . anything else also it took a while to get . a re fill on a glass of my iced tea which i set in purppose at the edge of the table empty while staff kept going by acting like it they were very busy also we waited a  time to get our check the food was good overallnmy experience at the  lloyd wright location was very  rewarding and pleasant the staff was very joyfull and attentive to detailfrom the moment we enter the door we were welcome and seated promply by the host and told that tony will be our waiter which he did an amazing job starting by introducing himself and accomodating us with anything we needed our glasses of iced tea were never empty and check on us in a timely  i end up  food  and a container for my iced tea provided by tony over all service was excellent tony you are awesome we will be back again for sure .
__label__pos great     .   and  with  cream for desert . nice patio . kids menu . try the homemade chips .
__label__neg we got into town at lunchtime . our room at caesars wasnt ready so we decided to wait it out by having a light lunch at central michel richard . carol w and i were  versed in michel richards cuisine having dined at his citronelle and central in washington d.c. and had previously dined for breakfast at  michel richard and had walked away pleased . this time ... not so much . nnwe were joined by our respective families and seated promptly at a large  table in the sunny airy dining room just off the caesars main lobby . from this point on our experience spiraled into the ground almost  due to a series of missteps by our server . carol w recounted our difficulty in getting any drinks beyond  in her review . let me add that we got up from the table went to the bar and asked the bartender if she could make any cocktails  if they were on the list or not . she could . so service strike 1. i can say with 100 certainty that our server lost beer and alcohol sales to our party . since we had early evening dinner reservations for later that day several people in our party asked how big portions were for several items on the menu . our server didnt impress us with his knowledge or familiarity with the menu as his  on portion size were dramatically off . service strike 2. nni had the plain goat cheese caesar 18 for total rewards members19add chicken 6 filet mignon 13. it was a nice looking salad not overdressed or overly salty and possessing good flavor . however it was a salad without a protein on it and 18 was exorbitant for what i received . while there wasnt a third service strike the overall experience was hugely disappointing and not one to inspire me to return .
__label__neg worst meal ive had in a  time.nnmusic was lame and loud.nhost was not pleasant . nplace was  .  was stale . nsalad was cheapbanquet bad . nsteak was burnt on the outside and raw on the inside . nseabass was way overcooked hard to do with such a  fish.nweird menu . seabass with a few black beans and a couple kernels of corn sprinkled on  no thanks.nthe corn on the cob was ice cold.nblecch .
__label__neg weve been here three times . i had sliders twice and a steak once . the  are ok but  to write home about . the big  was the steak . it was cooked fine an the quality of meat was ok but the cooking method could use work . traditionally a steak is seared on both aides to give it a crust and then finished to desired temperature in the oven . it tasted like this one was done in the oven the entire time so it ha no crisp crust . just a warm mush.nnthe drink menu is very large and creative . however theyre very inconsistent with how drinks are  . ive had the same drink all three times and it changes significantly each time.nnthis place is also a  pricey if you order  but  foods . a steak . nnoverall with more consistency and quality control this could be a really  place . as it stands now wed rather eat at another close by restaurant with a wait than be seated at this place immediately .
__label__pos mon restaurant du00e9jeuner  dans le coin les oeufs bu00e9nu00e9dictines sont  .  contre lendroit est plutu00f4t petit et le menu plutu00f4t limitu00e9 .
__label__pos stopped here by accident last year on my way to pumpkin picking at gilcrease orchard . we  the sign out front advertising a pumpkin patch ... so naturally we had to stop . nnthe farm is not really so much a farm but more just a house with the yard converted into a veggie stand and something reminiscent of a farm . the backyard which guests can see but not go in has goats a giant pig and chickens . chickens and barn cats walk around freely with the guests and there are cages  housing rabbits and baby birds . nni was beyond excited when we came in last  . growing up in pittsburgh i loved the fall and everything that came with it . this place had pumpkins and squash galore and dried corn stalks like we used to put out for halloween when i was little who knew something as silly as a corn stalk would make me so happy we ended up spending a ton of time here looking at the animals and picking out the perfect pumpkin to carve . nnwe came back a few more times last fall and just recently again this weekend while stopping at gilcrease . right now they have the best tomatoes and some summer squashes . im guessing in the next couple weeks theyll start to get their fall squashes they carry dozens of varieties some i had never heard of until i stopped last year . did i mention that theres  chickens running around right now well there are . nnbesides produce they also sell local honey homemade jellies and pickles and eggs straight from the  running around at your feet . i just bought some eggs yesterday but have yet to  one . i believe they have farm land in utah which is where they get their produce . im not 100 positive though so dont take my word on it . nnyou should definitely make a stop here sometime and check this place out . dont get too excited ... again its just a  and a yard so dont be expecting tons of produce or a giant  barn with cows and horses . its a sweet little place with very kind owners . nnwith all the animals kids eat this place up ... .make sure you bring them
__label__pos its such a  to have  solid microbreweries located side by side especially when they are both good after grabbing a cold one at noda we walked like fifty feet to birdsong to check out what they had . i hadnt had the opportunity to have one of their beers before but after  a beer here i was a fan.nnbirdsong is a bit of the opposite of noda in terms of environment with a large outdoor seating area and a smaller tighter indoor area and bar . they were offering about eight beers or so and they all sounded pretty good . they had some live music kicking on the patio and the peanut  were overflowing with salty goodness . when i drink i like to have a little something to munch on and free peanuts fulfilled this need perfectly.nnit is pretty darn awesome to have birdsong and noda located so close together . both  very good beer and offer laid back comfortable areas to enjoy said  in . birdsong is definitely worth the visit ... i just  i could find their brews at local restaurants more often
__label__pos we  here for mothers  brunch and had a  meal they had   legs oysters  shrimp and  . they also had breakfast items as well . the french toast was delicious there was also a carving station and desserts . this was the second week for the  . it as 18.00 per adult plus drinks and 9.00 for kids which inculded drinks awesome
__label__pos we live here in the arcadia area and i am so thankful i dont have to leave my  mile radius we  to drive so far for indoor play its  for the day which is very  when you consider this place is intimate compared to the chaos at the childrens museum . and its super  you can also leave your child there for a few hours for 10 per hour . thats a steal i can get some errands done or  to yoga . my son loves loves this plays . everytime we drive by he  theres koko beans
__label__neg i used to love this  the food was great and the service was  . however for the past year it seems  a revolving door of management and staff . the food is decent now but the service is so slow even when they only have a few  for lunch it still takes way over an hour to get in and out . i have noticed lately the only  they are busy at  is when there is a convention in town . its a  this  to be great .
__label__neg the concept of maki taco is great creative build our own tacos . the problem is in the  . i got the panang fish tacos at chow down uptown and really the only  to describe them was bland . the corn tortilla far overpowered anything in it . it wasnt  it just wasnt .  to this the fact that they were clearly overwhelmed with folks and you get a list of  key ingredients they were out of and a more than a 20 minute wait for  truck food.nni would give maki taco another shot but only if they were less mobbed . they have a good base to  with but that night when they could have made a  impression they just werent turning it out .
__label__pos    called    for  .  30 minutes prior to appt as stated . arrived on time and fixed my problem in fifteen minutes . the crappy home depot captured nut puller failed and i could not get the nuts off the copper pipes . his puller pulled them quickly and he installed the new valves and hoses while he was in there . 90 dollar base for a visit . paid 90 .
__label__neg ac broken tonight now i see it was  10   .  it didnt help that they sat us  to a huge window that was baking in the 90degree heat . margarita was ok guacamole was tasteless . i couldnt get out of there soon enough we found   for dinner . everyone was complaining about the  but no manager talked to any of the tables . bush league . wont be back .
__label__neg the food is a joke . i worked as a chef in arizona and worked in mexican restaurants there . this place is not representative . the black beans are canned and rinsed and have little seasoning . they put simple syrup in their chipotle salsa along with agave syrup . i  because i could tell . simple  is just sugar and water . the sugars completely dominate the flavor of the salsa and of course we were told everyone loves it . nope . not everyone in tucson or austin that would be thrown against the wall . the pork and pulled chicken are definitely slowcooked and  which is good but not  well at all . also they do not fold the burritos  so you end up with ends that are almost entirely flour tortilla with no filling . the tortillas are clearly not made fresh or onsite and have dough conditioners in them like you would buy massmarketed at a supermarket . im guessing that the diced tomato they use for their pico de gallo comes from a bag prediced by their food supplier . the texture indicates this . the chips were okay . they were deep fried corn tortillas but thats nothing new . you also have to pay for them which does not happen in places where mexican food is a restaurant staple . nnno one in pittsburgh is doing mexican food right but i keep looking . nnoverall verde has a nice  space and the service is okay at least the day we went but the food is comical considering it calls itself mexican . it is not representative and this place would do well to send its cooking staff on a trip through mexico .
__label__neg not impressed . this was my first and last  here . from the moment i  in was not good . two separate  people  of where to form the  or where to  . ordered a lightly toasted chicken salad sandwich and got it home and found it burned so much i couldnt  it with barely a bite of chicken in it . paid  to much .
__label__neg i was rushed the moment i  in the door . i ordered a bbq beef brisket sandwich which was good but the fries which were skinny and crispy had  but were cold and overcooked . the waitress definitely wanted to be somewhere else was not  environment so will definitely  for another place   in pittsburgh although the  as a whole is 
__label__pos love this hipster  . great to  to a place and be able to everything on the menu . no meat to be found . i had the curry and my friend had the mongollion  . delish and afterward be  to  next  for some   treats at nami .
__label__pos this is an amazing vegan restaurant the menu is so creative a big whak with  sauce cant wait to  back yet i  the staff  what customer service is . i felt i was doing them a favor for being there . also we were there for almost 20 minutes and the  didnt bother wiping down a spill at a  empty table the  time . granted the place was busy yet i  wiping a spill doesnt require hours of time .
__label__pos had   there twice . foods were  similar though i ordered different dishes once was the beef with sour cabbage with  sauce served with mashed  the other time was a sandwich with the same  and sour  . the flavor was good . not much meal choices  .
__label__neg do not go to this urgent care center if you value you or your familys health or even life . nnmy family and i were in las vegas for vacation last week . on saturday i took my two years old to that place since he is having fever for a couple of days and we could not bring the fever down with tylenol . the doctor there could not see what inside my sons ears clearly and my son did not want to open his month either for the doctor to see his throat . the doctor then said let just give him some antibiotics for precaution . i told the doctor that we will leave  vegas for home the second day . i told him there are cvs and walgreen near the hotel we stay . i took the prescription to both cvs and walgreen and none of them carry this antibiotics the lady in walgreen said they have to order this if i really want it . it seems the doctor has no idea what the pharmacy normally carry . this is not the worst part yet.nni called the doctor and asked for a replacement antibiotics . the nurse said they can not fax the new prescription to me . it is their policy not to do this . i have to either go there to pick it up or ask the pharmacy to call them . i did not rent a car so i decided to ask the pharmacy to give him a call.nnthe lady in walgreen called the doctor . it seemed the doctor yelled at her over the phone . she said the doctor is mean and prefer not to talk to him any more . anyway the new prescription asked for 200mg azithromycin . my son needs to take it twice a day and 5ml each time . the lady in the walgreen said she only has four bottles of this type of medicine and each only only has 22.5mg . i was surprised that the total amount of antibiotics my son has to take . so i questioned the doctor over the phone . i had to wait two hours to get a chance to take to the nurse . the nurse said the doctor said it is correct i still had doubt since even my insurance said the maximum is .75 something and special manual override is needed if more is prescribed by the doctor . then the doctor said he wants to talk to the pharmacist . i gave my phone to the pharmacist . i guess the doctor yelled at her again . the pharmacist asked me why i was trying to give her a hard time i was surprised by her question . all i want to do is to verify the total amount of antibiotics is correct and dont  to overdose my son . in the end i said i only need two days worth and i will get the rest when i get back home . for whatever reason she gave me two bottles which is four days worth . about 45mg total . nna couple of days after i got back home i took my son to his regular pediatrics since he is still having cough and also i was wondering if i need to get the rest antibiotics from walgreen . fortunately i did take him to his pediatrics . the pediatrics said the concentra doctor clearly did not know what he is doing and need to go back to school to learn again . for this type of antibiotics and for my sons age he only need to take one teaspoon 5ml a day for five days total 25ml . since my son has been taking the antibiotics for almost three days 30ml we should stop give him more antibiotics . he had enough  . this antibiotics he took will stay and last for another   . nnthe doctor in concentra asked my son to take 45 times more  than he should . it is insane . also his attitude to the pharmacist in walgreen was really bad . i hope there is something i can do to stop him from hurting other people . to leave a proper review here i think is the least i can do for now .
__label__pos the very first meal of my recent vegas trip . with many more to come its hard to say any were better than this and i had some good meals.nnwe didnt get any appetizers and as i sit here thousands of miles  im regretting it . we did each  the special drink for the day which was a short island iced tea for 6. its was served in a short glass but there was nothing short about it . nice and strongnni ordered pad see ewe and my girlfriend had pad thai . normally thai places never make anything spicy enough for me . they usually ask for for 13 stars or whatever and i always say 4 and its still not that hot . for some reason i had a different feeling about this place and  a 4 out of 5. it was just perfect for me hot enough to  my nose run but not too hot to eat . and it was omfg awesome delicious to the  of ruining thai food for me basically anywhere else . i seriously cant believe how awesome this dish was . nnmy girlfriends pad thai was equally awesome she said it was the best she has ever had . she got a level 2 for spice and i  it fairly mild but she likes to add sriracha and it was perfect for her . everything was cooked just right and tasted extremely fresh . i took a couple of bites and agreed.nnhalfway through eating unfortunately our waiter brought us a small  of condiments . housepickled jalapenos housemade thai garlic chili sauce some dried hot peppers and a bottle of sriracha . the jalapenos and garlic chili sauce were awesome . i wished i had both for my entire meal . nnthe service was a little lacking but im sticking with five stars because we raved about this meal for the entire night and im legitimately upset the damn place is impossible for me to go to anytime soon . might have to book  trip just to go to le thai again .
__label__pos i had been dying to try this place out for a while now because ive  so many great things about it . instead of going to first friday my friend and i decided to beat the crowd and head to fremont street a little early and get some drinks . to my pleasant surprise le thai was not very busy at all . nnthe restaurant is quite small with about 45 tables inside and a bar seating area that seats about 8 as well as the actual  that seats about 8. it also has a back patio that has tables as well as a front patio section . its cute inside but it was warm . granted it was about 110  the  was probably having a hard  keeping up.nnanyway our server was nice but not very attentive . we placed our food order and told him wed order drinks in a second since we never got a drink menu and had to ask him for it . he never came back to get our drink order so we asked the sa who dropped off our food and he had to go find him for us . also they dropped off food but never gave us untensils so we also asked the server when he came to get our drink order.nnwe ordered the waterfall beef which comes with a side of sticky rice . holy yummo this  is out of this world . i could just eat this all day long . it totally reminds me of food my mom used to make for us growing up . so effin bomb . its basically sauteed beef drenched in this limefish sauce . the sauce wasnt very potent so those opposed to fish sauce might still even like it . i however loved it and was drenching my sticky rice with it . nnwe also ordered some pad thai to share . on a scale of 15 spicy level i ordered a 2 and it was dang spicy even my friend who loves spicy agreed that it was quite spicy . despite that it was freakin delicious . its some of the best pad thai ive ever had . nnthe food here is off the chain . i want to go back and try everyhing on the menu they have larb and i wan na see how  it tastes coming from a family where my mom grew up in thailand and cooked thaistyle food my entire childhood . the prices were reasonable as well .
__label__pos  thai   thai  with a nice   atmosphere in down town las vegas . nnmy favorite offering on the menu is the waterfall beef and sticky rice which you can order discounted on the happy hour menu . nnthis place is notable because you can have a  beerlao this is the number one national product of laos . if thai people are proud and speak highly of their king lao people share the same reverence for their beer.nnif it isnt happy hour i order the ga pow  chicken basil . nnahroy maak
__label__neg warning more than half their seating is outside . its wednesday  on a hot summer day . we walked in and were seated right  ... ..at the outside patio .  it was tolerable barely because of the  but at least ask if thats ok. the hostess doesnt seem very friendly but that may be because of the heat . nnour waitress was friendly but initially forgot our water and later condiments.nnwe were  a carafe of water and two little bitty glasses ... ..did i mention it was about 110 degrees out . but the coke i ordered because it was included in lunch special was in a huge glass nnon to the important stuff the foodnnthai crispy wingsdelicious flavor soaked into the meat . the sauce they serve with it is a mayo base not that great so at least the wings were good . nnpanang curry with chickenaverage good but nothing specialnnbeef and  noodle soupaverage good but needs some work.nnpad thaidelicious pleasantly surprised nnwe ordered everything spicy number 4 out of 5 and they delivered what we expected . we love spicy foodnnso food is overall good service average and atmosphere cramped inside and hot outside during summer.nnprobably wont return unless we are in the area and  pad thai .
__label__neg ive been reading some of the other reviews and it seems like a lot of people were not a fan of this place . i say if your going to the heart attack grill you have to know what you are getting yourself into and that your are going for the experience . i must say that i will probably never go back but am happy that i  it once . nnwhen you walk in they dress you as if you were a patient in the hospital . the  are dressed in skimpy nurses outfits and both uniforms looked dirty and i was not a fan of them . nnthey  that if you are over 350lbs that you can eat for free and i was with a  who qualified for this and they make you get on a scale in front of the whole restauraunt to weigh yourself and then you can only order single bypass burgers however you can order as many of them as youd like . you still have to pay for fries and other menu items which to me does not  eat for free it should be only eat single bypass burgers for free the  are ok. its really nothing special just a big greasy burger with some chili on it . nni was going to give this place 3 stars till i remembered the owner was not very nice and accomidating . you are not allowed to make any  to the menu . no lettuce no pickles no diet soda and only bottled water . i understand some of them are trying to go with them unhealthy theme but water is water and the owner is just greedy . in addition a waitress told us the owner was a prick so he must not treat his employees very well . nnif your a tourist and want a different  check it out but i will never be going back .
__label__neg this place sucks ive been waiting 40 minutes for my to go order . whats the deal ive been   minutes for  taco and a burrito good thing i smoked before and i dont have  else to do but wait for this  food that is conveniently placed a mile from my  . thanks for the  salsa and slow service . the  was good tho .
__label__neg terrible restaurant out waitress was not  and didnt check on us . all the staff looks miserable . you expect more from a new restaurant . food comes and its cold . the potatoes werent  sent the food  they offered to remake it but choose not to eat . tasted terrible anyways ... asked for more  and the  threw it on the table . thats when i had  and  and got the manager . im sitting here in the restaurant writing this because it was that bad we should have walked out when we walked in because we heard one of the employees  to someone on the phone .
__label__neg   is  .      at pool opened it up to public leaving no room for guests . i was told by manager that guests should reserve their chair at 9am if they want a spot . a lot for pleasing the customer . we will be spending our money elsewhere next time
__label__neg i wanted to like this place but the taste of  and  soured the  . now that i  about the  beliefs and  im  that i  a dozen . but they will be my last .
__label__pos a lovely blend of  style exterior and modern interior just the ticket strikes me as an ideal spot to pass a relaxing morning or afternoon.nnoverall we said their  was very good the welcome very friendly and the surroundings  conducive to  away an afternoon . their menu lacks a killer  but maybe their cakes  that role . i can see this place playing a role on my various training walks over the next few  as a welcome stopoff point for a nice cuppa and a  .
__label__pos this was our last stop on the chocolatine tour . theirs are  very tasty but not warm at least when we had it . it  for 3rd of the 4 we had in montreal . nnthe breads looked great though so i cant wait to try those  time .  atmosphere and enjoyable   .  people
__label__neg ive been here a couple of times and never been overwhelmed . they tried to shoo me away from my table the first  though the place was half empty with staff hovering and begging to take plates away . it was as if the staff was  and wanted something to do so they started driving customers away.nni like that you can add a variety of things to your burger most of which are free but spending 10 on a burger and fries is too much even for uptown prices.nnthe veggie burger as a previous review wrote is lacking and is definitely a frozen patty . sweet potato  are good mac and  is mediocre . the side salad was large and nice even if it was icky iceberg lettuce.nnthe milkshakes are good but again ehh ... . nnthe blazin hot wings are just that ... and i  spicy food ... . these were too hot though .
__label__pos  atmosphere to enjoy a sunday brunch wait was not bad they will  you when  is ready . portion vs price  was good . we had fresh orange  and coffee banana   and the mr. had eggs benedict with delicious hash  will definitely be back again .
__label__neg i was looking  to eating at this new place but nothing really wowed me.nthe burger was very small it looked like a slider the ceasar salad was not impressive and the lobster  was blah.the only thing i liked was the  fries . the truffle fries sucked . i  maybe the banana split would make feel  but the bananas were not ripe . all in all save your  and go to yard  or smash burger .
__label__neg 50  for a        ...
__label__pos by  one of our favorite local places to  . from  people to fantastic food this place rocksnnthere are so many creative menu choices and im dedicated to working my way through them all . the coffee is a special blend they had  just for them . the cheese cake is also very good and features a unique angel food cake crust . nnthis is a great local  .
__label__neg i wasnt too excited about trying wahoos but we got together with friends last night and compromised on wahoos . nnyou order at the register and then they deliver the food to your table . the menu is extensive verging on too many options . it was a little confusing and ended up  us a little bit to figure out what we all wanted . i decided on the  two taco combination plate . i ordered the grilled fish taco with spicy salsa tofu taco white rice they served me brown by mistake and white beans . my fella got a  burrito combination and also a  fish taco . my friends ordered as well and we all got a cookie for dessert and  a booth . nnthe food  a bit of time to come out and unfortunately our meals came out quite a bit of time before our friends . once we all had our meals we dug in . the food was a little bland even though i asked for spicy on everything . the brown rice was dry and the beans wet . the flavors werent too exciting either . the fish was a little dry and the tofu although nice was bland . the food was  but i only ate a few bites of the sides since they were lackluster . nneveryone else seemed to feel the same way about the food . the cookie was ok nothing  . i dont think ill make wahoos a regular on our food rotation .
__label__pos   in   .  of   .  for gourmet beer lovers . didnt try the food but many folks were on dinner dates
__label__pos they have  good and best fries i have . cheap  and the people are   the    the  register .
__label__neg i was not that impressed . i appreciate that they were open   and they were friendly . however they didnt want to prescribe  because they wanted me to see my regular vet . so basically i paid 140 bucks for a supplement with the instructions to go to my regular vet in the morning and spend  140 bucks.nni went there with a cat that couldnt stop  had labored breathing and was showing a third eye . nni was under the  because they are the backup for my vet and they  together . they do not work with your vet . they are basically a urgent care . nnby the time i got in there and waited my cat had calmed down so even though they agreed she needs additional antibiotic they sent me home with a  . i couldnt even find out what her temp was . if your pet can wait go to your regular vet .
__label__neg   is  and not  . maybe try a  i am sure this  is  for wraps and smoothies not  .
__label__pos this was such a fun experience it was our first time ever doing this since art class in 3rd gradennwe  with donna during open paint and had such a nice time . we went during an  and timed it perfectly so we had the place to ourselves we didnt want to be amongst children . it was like our own private studio and private lesson . nnthey supply everything from ideasinspiration to  supplies and smocks . we did not have to set up or clean up it was awesome the music was relaxing and we were in our own little world . nnalthough you can not drink alcohol here that was not a problem . there is no time to drink and i realized that even if i did have a glass of wine at my painting station i would not drink it because i wouldnt want to screw up my painting and my paint brush would probably end up in my wine glass we had brought our own waters and i maybe took two sips in the 3 hours we were there . i was so focused i forgot to   we did go have a drink  nnif you have questions or concerns just call them they are super friendly and very accommodating .
__label__neg love the beer selection if youre looking for a  pub to have a few drinks and watch some sports this is it amazing tap and bottle selection from micro breweries all over the country and world im a complete beer snob and was really impressed ... found some options that ive had trouble tracking down just about anywhere else . quite  ... nnthat being said the service and food were flat out awful . our server was completely lost the entire time . brought us the wrong drinks never brought us the waters we requested came out with the wrong food and took forever to replace it didnt know the menu and seemed completely lost ... i would have imagined that a college kid on their first night would be more attentive and knowledgeable ... to be fair they were busy when we were there but still i would expect a lot more.nnfood was terrible ... fried pickles looked like they had taken  of those economy  of sliced pickle chips dipped them in  and fried them not fried pickle spears . they were terrible and tasted like they had been made in a walmart parking lot ... wing appetizers i ordered were decent but only because there was so much sauce it covered up the  taste of the overcooked wings ... wings were tough and tasteless with the exception of the sauce which was actually quite good . we also  nachos which were  lousy and a salad that came out with the piece of meat completely cold and uncooked in the middle . nnall in all unless youre planning on saddling up to the bar for a few drinks id stay away ... theres a mellow mushroom i know its a chain but much safer in this case right across the street that has a similar drink menu and significantly better food and service
__label__neg this is my last  . i am not satisfied at all . after playing telephone tag for two days with a package delivery pending the  day i physically went to the site and spoke with adrian maldonado . he backed his driver completely but told me that the immediate supervisor would be with him when he delivered my package and that the driver would personally apologize to me.nnthe driver who i now know is named clark didnt say a word until i asked him to apologize . i was told what a good driver he was for the past 15 years and that he would not be parking in handicapped spaces anymore and i had nothing to worry about in the future because he would do a good job . i had his bosses guarantee . when in response to the supervisor asking me if i was satisfied i said no it was my understanding that clark would be  personally the supervisor tried to tell me that because he was the boss i could be assured that clark wouldnt do these things anymore . i again reiterated that this is not what i was told would happen . i then turned to clark and explained to him directly why what he did was not cool.nnhis non apology was im sorry you feel that way . nnso some effort made but not really changing my mind about how horrible this company is run locally .  think clark is an asshole who thinks this is all a joke . why should he change . it is obvious his supervisors dont want to make him change and want to defend him . nnhowever we are stuck with them for the moment because we have several items pending but once our current  changes future efforts will be made to avoid ups as much as possible . nnsupposedly competition was supposed to be good for the market but now two companies dominate the delivery industry . fedex is barely better . competition my ass . big browns logo ought to be logistics over customers
__label__pos update to my previous reviewnnnorth is once again a favorite that i find myself frequently much too often . excellent management friendly and dare i say very  bar staff delicious new drink offerings and the free wifi ive always loved . a great place to pull up a seat and work from my laptop . nthey have also accommodated a menu  that my best friend  for and have subsequently made it for me . we appreciate that tremendously . i  to resume riding my  bike to north to  it in the ample bike   as well as taking my car to the friendly fast valet on the chillier nights . excellent .
__label__neg what happened new owner new management we remember coming here and talking to the owner while he deboned a fresh piece of  and  about curing and making sushi . now the owner looks like he just stepped off the  course and flaunts a 20 tip to sushi chefs making sushi with below  fish . the panko tofu was good . tonight it was gordons from the freezer . the  will assuredly make   . we will miss you sushi  .
__label__pos this is a great  . nnthey run amazing deals like groupon 5 for a movie ticket and soda i dont  anyone drinks soda with hfcs but i digress . they also have charity days where you can bring in a canned food item for free admission . nnnow down to the nitty gritty . nice theatre much better than most brew and  ive been to . the seats could be more comfortable they recline but then they bounce right  . the other seating is just like your computer  desk at home . the food is hit or miss . they failed to declare that the grilled cheese is actually more like american  cheese sandwich . the other food was good but the service is rather fail . ordered the 4 appetizer combo and they came out with three items . yet again no apologies what is with service these days nnthe screens are great and just like a regular movie theatre it just sucks when they fail to dim the  until half way through the movie . it makes the 3d  reflect like crazy . overall its worth a go a bit pricy for the fooddrinks but enjoyable none the less . i just bought 10 movie passes on groupon . oh yeah .
__label__pos ground control at verrado just had their grand opening on saturday .  to skip grand  crowd and went on sunday at noon for lunch . no crowdnnthe new gastropub was wonderful . very clean and well staffed for lunch.nnthe  menu had a good  but can not wait for the full menu to start.nwith 15 craft beers on draft it was hard to decide.nnwe ordered the chipotle  and the viper hot pastrami paninis along with a beer.nthe panini was delicious just the right amount of meat vs bread . speaking of  the rosemary flatbread was awesome . nnthis gastropub is just what the  needed and we will defiantly be  .
__label__pos gc in verrado has just gone under a ton of changes with staff  and management . this place has its kick back nnyou cant  the amount of craft brews on tap . nice to have a locally  business providing such great beer . this place has a hometown feel and reminds me of the  cheers . the servers really try and  to know the guests and provide the best service possible . nnthis place is  for friday night hangouts saturday  games and inhouse entertainment and anytime you want to take a break and have a cold beer after a long days  . also the wine list is impeccable.nnif you are looking for a nice night out come back to gc and check out the changes . you wont be disappointed .
__label__neg the only reason i am  this place a 1 star is because it does have potential due to their food . there is not much of a selection on the menu but whatever i have ordered has been great . the problem is the management and staff . i have gone back several times hoping they have corrected the  but keep getting let down by their service . expect to spend at least 2 hours for dinner .  time seems to be quicker since there are not many customers . we have witnessed the manager getting into a confrontation with the cook ... the manager with the gray balding  and bright red reading glasses is terrible . the band that was local residents was horrible their family members and neighbors were the only ones cheering . that night we waited at our table for 30 minutes before we even received our menus . we finally went up to the bar and asked the manager if we could get some service . he was talking with some patrons at the bar and had no clue what was going on in the restaurant . he approached our table still no menus in hand and apologized . then  back to the bar and got side tracked and it took another 10 minutes for a waitress to come to our table with menus . not sure why we didnt walk out at the point but we thought we would get perfect service from here on out ... .it didnt  . it got worse ... .our drinks and food took way too long the manager never came back to talk to  nor  to offer any compensations or apologies . i am done with this place
__label__pos been here several times and was only disappointed in the guys who took me there on a date.nnthey have moscow mules in real copper mugs 5 stars in the bag nuff said.nnthe bruschetta . is . the . bomb . i lurve the bacon jellygoat cheese and the datepistachiomasrcopone ones . the others are simply slightly less awesome . i have enjoyed the duck  some off his plate and the flatbread . nntheir drink menu is excellent lots of unique  with quality booze like all the classy ladies like . i dont have a good wine knowledgebase but i hear they have a decent selection the  cab was yum . beers are limited for those who like budweiser or coors you will be challenged.nnthe  outside is my fave so much so that ive never sat inside . i like the comfy seats and the toasty fire pits . its all very cozy and  . the tall heaters are  but most of them look like the need to be euthanized . hello  those arent attractive . . .  of creepy actually . nnalas still 5star worthy .
__label__pos      .    lessons accompany each meal . very good times .
__label__neg  staff ever . nnthe lady at the window where i had to pay for my traffic ticket 115 for first offenders was very  . i handed her my credit card to pay and i  a  question asking what are the other fees were because the police had said that it would only be 50 and she throws my card at me . i felt that i was treated like i was not a human being . she threw my credit card so  i could not even believe what she did . i  there shocked and  back my  card and did not even say a word . i understand that i am at fault for getting a ticket but that does not mean you can treat any individual like that .
__label__neg  medium      . the food wasnt that great either services was horrible beware since theyre so slow they will take your  away even when your not done eating told the manager about it and she didnt do anything . the sad part was she say she knew about it but i guess she was waiting for the customer to complained first . wow never ever going back to this placed again . i would give it a 0 for the rating
__label__neg my wife and i eat lunch here weekly and normally love the place . today was the worst experience ive had in a restaurant.nnwe arrived at 1130 and there were 7 tables seated and none of them had ordered and were waiting on menus their drink orders to be taken and then their food order to be taken . as we were all waiting several other parties were seated and their drink orders and food orders were taken immediately before the 7 tables that were already waiting.nnthe waitress today was the most clueless ive ever seen . she would just walk back and forth through the restaurant doing nothing while everyone was waiting to be served . she  ask someone for their drink order and go get one ice water and not bring back the other tables drink order that she had already taken.nnthe worst problem was after a long wait for our food she brought them out and walked right past our table and i noticed it was our order . however she walked it over to a table with  people and asked them who had the fried rice and sweet and sour chicken . they all told her they didnt belong to that table  she sat the meals down in the middle of their table and walked away . they all started looking at one another wondering why the heck she left them there and she was walking past our table i said i think those were our meals and she went over and picked them up and  them to us and didnt say a word . we never got a refill on our drinks we didnt get the spice  or sweet and sour sauce we asked for.nnthe food tasted totally different and was not the same recipe they normally use . the food was cold when it came out and had no flavor at all . my fried rice looked like white rice with some broccoli and onions in it and wasnt fried at all.nnfirst time in my life i didnt  a waitress . if i ever go back and see that same waitress i will turn around and walk out . this was not the asian waitresses that normally work there this one looked hispanic and she was terrible . she was so  the cooks in the kitchen were taking orders and  food and drinks because she could not keep up .
__label__neg so 6 months  or more i took my girlfriend here . she felt that the male masseur was a little too close for comfort . but tonight we  back and i told the lady up front that i could have a male or female therapist but she would prefer a   . so they took me back and worked on me but  my  in the chair  her feet for 30 minutes . she then got up and walked home over a mile in flip  after being completely ignored . this place is a total joke . wont be going back for real this time .
__label__pos when you think of a bar this is it . its oldschool classy  clean and stocked . the friendly bartender and servers talk with friendly regulars who talk with  welldressed people unwind after work old friends catch up  canoodle . nna client staying in mccormick ranch told me about downside risk and i put it on my list to check out eventually . i figured it would be a good meetinthemiddle spot when i was meeting a friend coming from old town so we checked it out . nnat 7ish on a weeknight the bar stools were mostly taken a few tables had guests and there seemed to be some sort of event going on in their private room . the large patio looks great with  of casual seating and firepits . the bathrooms were clean and cutely decorated with the  scheme.nnin our 20s my friend and i were by far the youngest people in the place but we didnt  and the regulars didnt seem to either . at about 930 we were told the kitchen was closing and by 10 most everyone had cleared out and the  was cleaning up . not exactly their posted hours but with no customers i dont blame them . nnif i lived closer dr would be my maclarens ... a reference that im sure is lost on the  of the clientele ... cheers regal beagle
__label__pos for the last four years of my academic career this has been my goto spot for a great night .  when it was the silver spur they  how to accommodate a good time . im there multiple times a week and have so much  and respect for the  there including my bouncer and bartender friends . im the  duchess of this place everyone who knows me knows that who is this vincent guy as far as im concerned hes   his face here and doesnt deserve the title .
__label__pos i found a therapist here at desert ridge location that is the most intuitive therapist ive ever found . i hope disclosing alicias name doesnt make her so busy i cant get in but its worth the risk . nnive been a member of m.e . since their first  opened years  . alicia is the best therapist ive ever had and i didnt review until id experienced her massages three times . she knows all the physical aspects but her intuition is what sets her apart from any other  ive ever experienced . each time ive been there she tunes  into  it hurts and makes it vanish . she can make my body stretch and relax like ive never experienced and i do get massages on a regular basis . im glad her schedule is late in the day i can almost roll off the table and into bed good thing its a  drive home and get the most restful night sleep ever .
__label__pos deana is  she is so friendly and really  to  what you what before deciding the right  to take to get your hair perfect i  tell she had my best  in mind through the entire appointment . love the way my hair  turned out thanks again and ill see you soon
__label__pos was excited to finally get to this place for the brunch that my inlaws have been raving about and it was not  . came in for fathers day last  and left full and happy.nnthey had a special fathers day menu which included what ordered the beer cakes and  . these were delicious . beer infused pancakes with an orange glazesyrup that was super sweet and super delicious . on the side was a tasty brat pretending to be a breakfast sausage . who knew that a brat i would an awesome  treat . it was . nnmy little guy managed to take down most of a plain pancake hes only 10 months old and those things are bignna few other people i was with had the heavenly hash and had nothing but good things to say.nnthe only reason i dont give this place 5 stars is the food times . i took almost 45 minutes to get our  after we ordered . granted is was fathers  and they were busy but that still seemed a bit long . otherwise the service was great . nnlook forward to eating here again in the future .
__label__neg quite  . the meats served cafeteriastyle were decently price but very bland . we ordered the mac and cheese that was  bland . the  were  and good . they do not  on the booze.nni was hoping for a good barbecue  . sadly this was not it .
__label__pos       great  my favorite is the grilled fish tacos along with the margarita it makes a  meal .
__label__neg 01.24.13 update ive heard that la lumiere has stepped it up since my august review and a bunch of my  love this platce . as soon as i go again ill update my review hopefully adding some  to the walknn08.30.12 review really wanted to love this place . around the corner fresh vegan food grassroots feel crayons for the kids courtyard in the back nice people etc.nnperhaps four years ago when this place opened it was really nice . but there has been zero attention paid to physical upkeep . now what i can imagine was once funky and cute has devolved into dilapidated and careless . tables were falling apart with nails sticking out of them courtyard actually backs up to a  of garbage binsdumpster which stinks etc . nnfood was slow but  probably a three . however with  like aux vivres down the way and panthere verte around the corner well i think la lumiere needs to try harder . a week of scrubadub cleanup and refreshing could have that place back in effect . nnrating scalen1 star avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe . n2 star risky at best . n3 star ill try it again or consume here in a pinch.n4 star i eat here  if  and calorically feasible.n5 star im comfortable taking other chefs here .
__label__pos spending our staycation at the westin  was within walking distance so we saw this place and gave it a shot for breakfast on  . the food was better than average i really liked my grilled  breakfast  my fiancee really liked the french toast . the freshsqueezed oj and pineapple juice were really good too but  . service was mostly competent and we had no complaints other than that the food was a little slow coming out . the order were correct the first time and the waitress checked up on us frequently . we had a little bit of sticker  but the  was good enough to bring us back sunday for breakfast again . nnin general we like this place and we will be back when we are downtown around breakfast time but likely wont go out of the way to go here.nnps i know there were a lot of complaints about the service at the bar and we knew that before we went to tbc so we specifically chose to not sit at the bar but i kept an eye on it . the bar remained packed even when the restaurant wasnt and people seemed generally happy so they may have fixed the bar service problem . i saw this on both days so it wasnt just a fluke .
__label__pos brought my  tahoe here to get rims and tint . the guys here were extremely nice knowledge and  .  2500 rims and tires wasnt easy but dre was very professional and  . i will indeed return to this place and  recommend these guys to my friends and  . i couldnt be 
__label__pos parsely let me count the ways ... one of my all time lunch favorites this places is literally out the back door of my salon . one of us from work eats here  sometime up to 8 of  . nnsuch a healthy option to the burger and fries . i absolutely love the shwarma the way it slow roasts on the spit . mmmmm so good . i dont eat a whole lot of red meat but the steak and the chicken here is seasoned so perfectly . i usually get a  and chicken shwarma . the tzatziki and hummus on it with the fresh veggies just finish it off i like to get mine with a  of the spicy green sauce . btw the shwarmas are so big i usually get two meals out of it . so the  is a treat for me i usually opt for salad wich usually leaves me hungry again in an hour but here with all the toppings and meat it fills me up the dressing here is realy good . ive also had the tagine a slow cooked stew basically the  falls apart in your mouth its so tender . the falafel here  in the top 3 that i have ever had . you can also get fries seasoned or unseasoned.nnthe seasoning here on everything is perfect the staff are nice and smile while feeding you the decor is modern yet inviting . this is a local guy living his dream which i will continue to support the little guy in a  buiness world . by the way they also have a punch card where you get a certain amount you get the next one free be sure to ask for it at the register . as i said parsely let me count the ways mmmmm ...
__label__neg to first start out by saying that i do enjoy the food at this restaurant and what happened to me could have happened in my own kitchen and it is the customer service and how i was handled that led to this  star review . i got food poising from eating the italian wedding soup . it was the first time that i had ever eaten it and i decided to try something new . i didnt get to eat my eggplant parmesan which is what i normally order cause i got full off of the soup . i work on call and got called into work . i left the restaurant around 4 pm . i arrived at work around 7pm . my stomach started bothering about 30 minutes before but i didnt feel totally  so i went to start my shift . around 715 pm i started  up and didnt stop until the ambulance showed up at my job and gave me anti nausea meds in an iv . nnthe next day i called the  to report what happened . i call to speak with the manager after spending the night in the hospital to  what happened and my first call was ill received by the  that took my first message . after i called three days later to speak with the manager . i got blown off saying that they would have the owners contact me and they never returned my call . since i wasnt insured . i missed a night of work . the hospital and  is billing me for 5000. needless to say i will not be eating there again . nnbut since no one that we know of reported getting sick but me . it was an isolated incident and one i wont forget . what i was hoping for was an apology and at least an offer to find out what happened . they didnt even ask if i were alright and if i had any info from the hospital on what happened and if they should be concerned .
__label__neg im sure ihop used to have great food in the beginning . now that they are large they quality of food is cheap and everything is from a can . batter from a box  always taste  and exactly the same . friend ordered an omelet . it was soggy and there was a suspicious looking liquid in the  which i though was raw egg . turned out it was some kind of cheese product from a can . the   sure was nice enough but you couldnt understand a word she said . in fact the  staff you could tell was hired for cheap labor .  ihop get you game together
__label__pos  here for my birthday with my family . on all accounts it was amazing for one  has needed a good tapas  . now we have it . the service was fantastic the atmosphere is fun and funky and the food is fabulous . my mom loved the chips and guac . the guac was nice and limey . my favorites were the steak in adobo and the chorizo shrimp tacos . though its tapas you  get a good bit of  in each item . my suggestion is to  with 2 plates per  and then  from there . we over ordered but it was amazing.nwill definitely be back .
__label__neg  distrito does not live up to an iron chefs restaurant  . ive been to this restaurant three times just to verify that i wasnt missing something . i found the pricing to be somewhat reasonable but most of the dishes were hit and miss ... mostly miss . nnservice was subpar each visit and most employees seemed like they didnt want to be there . the restaurant really wasnt too busy so not much excuse for good service . nnthe descriptions on the menu make the selections sound appetizing but none of dishes tasted anything like what was described and also found that there was usually an off putting flavor in most dishes . cant be more descriptive except that every dish   to be missing something or had something  that didnt enhance the experience.nnthis is the second chef garces restaurant ive tried chifa in philadelphia also and found both to be just ok.  recently  in philadelphia due to poor quality and service and i wouldnt be surprised if distrito follows  .
__label__neg terrible  .   . crappy  .  food servers . the food was nothing impressive . fast food at mcdonalds is better in comparison . save yourself time and wasting your money on   . seriously you might as well get a frozen pizza . inviting name and cool looking place besides that i have no idea how this place makes money . i will never ever go back to this place . its just pitiful . nnthis is my first review on yelp . this place was that  i just had to share ...
__label__pos having grown up in n.c. im a big fan of bbq . mainly pork sandwiches . i drove by this place twice and even heard about it through the grapevine . overall i would give it a b. im not comparing nc bbq to vegas bbq but some of the side items tasted a bit off and the prices were high.nni ordered the pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese . i should have noticed the word pulled pork as it has a different mouth  than chopped pork . the pork itself was smoky and tender . long strips of pork inside a hoagie roll . i added coleslaw to the top which was a mistake . the coleslaw ugh had chucky bits of cabbage stalk jalapenos carrots corn and i swear i saw bacon in the mix . it wasnt sweet and it wasnt salty it  nothing to the  . the mac and cheese on the other hand was delicious . oddly enough it tasted like potatoes  gratin i just bought from the store . nnaside from that  coleslaw experience i would go back but not to order the pulled pork sandwich . the prices are a bit high and i wish tried  that was just  i will have to go back when they arent charging full prices such as after 5pm . perhaps the ribs and brisket are better .
__label__pos   who    for all  .   in work trade for those who may be interested .
__label__pos  circle k  here.nnthey  out  with staff saying hello like a quik trip . but that has fallen to a lower level recently . if you go late at night its like pulling teeth when the person says hello . i think night staff is more like your standard   staff of the older stores.nnthey have a huge selection of beverages here coffee slushes soda teas etc . large store very roomy . well designed gas pumps with 2 pumps per row easy access inout of driveways convenient location.nni hope they get back to the greeting customers each and every time with an upbeat energetic tone .
__label__pos at  i was a  skeptical doing everything  even paying but i ndid it anyway and let me  you it was well worth it the lv traffic ticket guy help me a lot no traffic  no . points off no going to  didnt have to go  just did it all in my house by phone  you ticket guy god for bid if i get another ticket you will be my lv traffic ticket guy
__label__pos i just moved here from las vegas and though phoenix basically has everything anyone could ever want they didnt have rasing canes and i ate at my location back in vegas every week for like three months before i moved preping myself to be  it . well go figure they open a location just three miles from my new apartment the month i  to phoenix i feel so warm and  insidenni love this place because the chicken is always super fresh the fries  perfectly with it and the big texas toast with the box is just right . the caniac sause goes with everything on the plate and i usually need extra im not sure why people ar bitchin so much about this place though its basically the in n out for chicken they serve one thing and they do it well . i can never get enough of this place and i highly recomend it to anyone they always have the best most fun and friendly service and i just love the pellet ice i sware it makes the drink taste so much  . nntry it for yourself phoenix but try it with an open mind . go inside play along with the servers enjoy the local flare hanging on the  and read about the  dog cane one and two . i love this place and i  you can see why too
__label__neg i just had the  burger . it was the driest beef burger ive had in a long time . way over cooked . there was no  to the meat so i added ketchup and mustard.nnthe gravy in my poutine was tasteless . the only  thing was the cheese . i love poutine so i was pretty disappointed . i also  that the girl sitting close to me made a comment about her poutine and was given a new one.nnive had great  food in the past and this was a huge  .
__label__pos this is the third time my  has been to this resturant . we  in california so we make it a point to  to the palace staion to  there . the food is awesome and the house  omg so tastee . and the prices are so  cheap for what you get . and the sevice fantastic our  was awesome and the hostess was also polite i just  they had a pasta cucina in my town
__label__pos completed our  trip here within 4 months . this trip included their awesome veggie  with the addition of the cajun  . as other people have stated very good wings.n this recent trip i decided to try the house special sweet meat burger ... wow what a unique and tasty  combination . the glazed donut  bun and sweet onion mayo along with angus burger and  bacon happiness great  and our waiter was terrific as always we  this place
__label__pos one of my favorite places in pittsburgh  street has excellent food a good beer  with lots of  taps and the best live jazz scene in western pennsylvania . there is a burger with a bun made of donuts on the menu . order it then go home and cross that item off of your bucket list . the bar features one of the best selections of  beer  in the city though they can be a  on the pricey side . wednesday nights features a great trivia night no one can top geeks who drink for quality questionscategories . every weekend features live  jazz in the basement . its a place that will even impress your snobby friends from new york 
__label__pos         and growing prices.nnthis review shouldnt be useful to most as if you have had chipotle one place you have had it everywhere . this is the latest location in down town phoenix it is a popular lunch spot and not a bad option when you need a quick bite.nntheir guise of healthy is tempted by the realty that a burrito can quickly soar past 1000 calories . it is nice that they have added brown rice as a option at no added cost.nni had the vegetarian fajita burrito 6.85 brown rice fajita veggies black beans the pinto are not veg salsa cheese and dont forget the included guacamole at no extra charge.nnhere is a great tip before opening your burrito give it a massage mix up the inside so you dont end up with a bite of pure guacamole or rice . nnfir seats you get to choose from small hard wood seats with a back or small padded backless fixed bar stools both say eat and leave asap . nnover all its something to eat that is not bad or to pricey and the location and addition of brown rice makes it a 4 star from what would be a 3 star chain .
__label__neg i really hate to give this place two stars but our togo order had so many  and poor execution that i had to post . pluses included tamale flautas and sides . the server who helped us was great but then i opened the  at home . fajitas were wrong order ordered  beef and got single  chicken and had lots of gristleconnective tissue . most dishes were mushy due to  next to under them and grease fat . shrimp with  was overwhelmingly spicy and strong with lots of grease . ordered sopapillas which were missing . perhaps things are better when you order in restaurant but they really need to  togo quality and execution .
__label__neg this review is based purely on a delivery ordernbeing a gyro lover and with all of the competition out there i would not choose this location to satisfy my gyro cravings . the gyro meat was at the right temperature texture and  but otherwise lacked any  characteristics . the fries that were ordered along with the gyro were lifeless and bordering soggy the house salad was  a small bag of  lettuce with no dressing and a few sprinklings of feta .  we had to wait more than an hour for our food to be delivered delivery  when all we had were two gyros  and a salad . the restaurant being less than a  from our home and no one communicating or trying to make up for the delay left a bad taste in our mouths .
__label__pos ..value the wagyunnnot very often do i get the opportunity to indulge and splurge on a prestigious  but ironically a clichu00e9 came to mind when in rome sitting in  palace ha.nnambiance and du00e9cor of the restaurant is old  charm with  amenities . dimly  it provides a sense of sexiness and our waiter represented himself and restaurant both professionally and attentively . his knowledge and passion for food was appreciated which enhanced our  experience.nnprices are slightly  but the quality of food cleanliness and service matches the rate . big fan and will return however i hope to have better luck at the tables because this meal is a jackpot
__label__neg ive been to this place several times and loved it but.. this time not so much the only person that  english was not there so trying to communicate with anyone was a challenge . i have always asked for andy cause he does such a good job but this time he was busy so i got one of the ladies . the therapists were chatting with each other and it was very distractive . the lady i had seemed very rushed and bothered . not the best experience this time.. after my massage i walked back to the  and noticed a man being ushered in to a private room in the back with a door.. i thought this was weird and asked myself why does he  a  room and my friend and i were out in the open and had to listen to all the   . i really hope nothing illegal is being done.. i dont condone this behavior and am not  decided if i will be returning .
__label__pos really good place for lunch or  food better than your average burger joint culvers offer more of a  burger . they are good size and offer  tasty sides the cheese curds are  tasty as well . also they have seasonal combos for food and concrete mixer which i highly recommend . i  go to culvers for their amazing concrete mixers . their flavor of the day always changes plus you get two free mix  for the concrete mixers i am a huge fan of their cheesecake options you can get just about any berry and cheesecake combo friendly staff and they usually have coupons available.nntry theirnbutter  with or without baconnsweet  friesnconcrete mixers ask about their seasonal specialties
__label__neg waited   for a   .     for the food . the food was okay but definitely not worth the wait . la parilla suiza is much better
__label__neg between food poisoning and  customer  i had an absolutely horrible experience at barrio queen . my boyfriend and i decided to visit here for some drinks and food on new years day . after 10 minutes of being neglected at the first bar where only one other person was sitting we decided to move to the other bar where we were finally able to sit and order . my boyfriend had ordered something off the entree menu which was good but not worth the 18 dollars we spent on it . that night my boyfriend woke up around 2 am violently ill waking up every 515 minutes to run to the bathroom . i had only had a small bite of his food and found myself feeling nauseous all night just from that . when i called the next day to inform them the manager lucas was very apologetic and said he would have his boss call me to see if there was anything they could do . ni dont  spend a lot of money on food but we had spent 100 dollars between food and drinks that night . when the director of operations i believe his name was chev or chef called me the next day all he cared to say was that everything was up to standard and that there was nothing he could do for us . he claimed his temperature logs were accurate and that there were no other  so it wasnt something he could help with . he stated it was probably a bug or the flu and that his food was not the cause because everything was up to standard . he seemed to care more about defending the quality of his food rather than attending to a customer that got very ill from it . nive had food poisoning before and know what it looks like . jolting up in the middle of the night to throw up and then to be repeated every 515 minutes afterward until halfway through the next  is not common for the flu or a bug as the  of operations tries to claim . nafter wasting 100 dollars this visit and hundreds of dollars spent here before with larger groups i will be sure that i never visit here again . nthe only pleasant people i would like to give credit to are the manager  that i spoke with and our  bartender ryan . they were both nice and good with customers .
__label__pos premiu00e8re expu00e9rience de nourriture coru00e9enne ru00e9ussie u00c7a na pas pris 5 minutes apru00e8s avoir u00e9tu00e9 assise pour quun yelpeur menvoie un commentaire de checkin qui disait le meilleur est u00e0 ndg mais tu as bien choisi . le concept ici est bien simple . cest un menu u00e0 volontu00e9 donc on vous recommande dy aller avec moins et de  plusieurs fois pour ne pas rien gaspiller . les viandes fruits de mer et lu00e9gumes sont cuit sur la  chauffante  milieu de votre table . mes coups de coeur le boeuf le poulet et les pu00e9toncles frites . u00c0 ne pas prendre la prochaine fois les sushis . le service est excellent et vous naurez presque pas besoin dattendre donc  vous voulez une pose entre deux commandes vous u00eates presque mieux de simplement attendre avant de  votre deuxiu00e8me . aussi ils ont plusieurs spu00e9ciaux sur les boissons comme les bleues u00e0 2 pour 4.75
__label__neg i am a  hot yoga fan ... i used to  real close to this place so i purchased the groupon and took the months worth of  . afterward i enjoyed going so much my boyfriend called and tried purchasing me another pass ... i was moving in a few months out of state so he tried getting me a 3 month pass ... they told him they would only allow a 6 month pass ok so he asked if he purchase a 6 month pass can 3 months go to me and 3 months to my friend so that we can go together they assured him it was perfectly fine so he purchased a 6 month hot yoga membership as we  these are not cheap i was so excited to arrive at yoginis with my friend and they told me she was not allowed to use half my  and i would have to use it . i assured them i was  in 3 months and that the other 3 months would go to waste which is why he asked about my friend in the first place which was said to be ok ... needless to say they didnt  on letting my friend use it with me called my bf a liar and i lost out on 3 months of prepaid not cheap yoga because they also would not refund the money if it wasnt prepaid i wouldnt have  back . this place is comfortable and clean but not accommodating .
__label__pos whenever i  my  of ribs i go here and they are consistently very good a large rack over a  mound of crisp shoestring fries . ive also had the shortrib which is an exceptionally generous portion with no fat just moist juicy  served with cheese grits . the atmosphere is  like your friendly neighborhood pub . there is a large horseshoe shaped bar and a  size  protected from the sun . service is always efficient and friendly and prices are reasonable .
__label__neg ive been to two of their locations and i have to say this one is so dirty and disgusting . the food was good . but at my visit there one of the employees was sitting at a table eating out of the metal  they  to  the food in . when he was finished it looked like he just  it back on the counter to be used again really it made me sick to my stomach i got the honey walnut shrimp which was good but  a  film in my mouth and had a very strange sourish sauce in the  of the to go box . i probably will not be returning to this location .
__label__neg i havent been back nor will i ever go back to fitzgeralds . their new years eve event was the worst that ive ever  . ive been trying to get a refund of my ticket  because i didnt get even close to my moneys worth due to a dangerously over capacity crowd a glassware shortage slow bartenders and a breakfast buffet that never materialized . ive been trying to resolve this  with the manager mike palmer and all he did was offer me a coupon to return and give fitzgeralds  try . the problem is that i dont want to go back and eatdrink in an establishment like  . i would simply like either the manager or the owner to call me which ive requested at least a half  times since the event but i still havent heard from anyone . even if there is no refund i would still like them to answer simple questions like why were the bartenders overserving patrons that night i routinely saw single customers order 4 or more drinks at a time how many tickets were sold vs. the max capacity of the venue and what  witnessed the crowd that night and deemed it safe to continue selling tickets or letting patrons enter the building.nnvery dissapointing customer service very irresponsible way to run a barrestaurant . very upset customers .
__label__neg bottom line save your nnid been hearing about  guys for awhile ... how amazing it is supposedly . i am a die hard innout ino girl esp . bc i worked there for 5 yrs . but im always openminded to new great high quality food . unfortunately in the end all i  was an  overpriced  burger and fries . i ordered their little bacon cheeseburger w grilled onions comparable to an ino doubledouble . my meal was 12.50 twice the price of ino without being  as tasty . they couldnt even grill onions properly ... they gave me translucent hot chopped onions instead of the sweet brown  grilled onions i know and love . yes they offer bacon but when you have delicious high quality products you dont need tons of extras . it reminded me of wendys honestly . nnsadly the beverage station was the  of my visit with flavors not usually found in  like 5 flavors of mellow yellow or vanilla root beer .
__label__neg lets talk dim sum.nntheir 2dish between 8am11am  on their website is  . its not  about the money but the fact that i felt  to.nntheir dishes  nice and was slightly pricey .  their steamed short ribs werent thoroughly cooked so it was pretty tough to eat .
__label__neg  minutes for a  sandwich . people who  after me  theirs first and no apology for it taking so  just left a bad taste in my mouth . the  looked at me  it had not been almost 20 minutes for a to  sandwich
__label__neg aa year ago i would have given this place 4 stars . no more . i have been here almost weekly for the last several months . at first the quantity of the food started to go downhill now quality is  and that includes customer service . if i order a bacon guacamole sandwich i expect more than 1.5 slices if bacon and fresh guacamole . i asked what happens to the other 12 slice of bacon and was actually told it gets  for the next sandwich the  frustration was burned  browns . not not crispy burned . and they served them to me . the bread is more crust than actual  . also i want a printed receipt i dont want a receipt that is emailed to me . i want a printed receipt that i can stick in my taxexpense file if necessary . i dont want to have to remember to go digging in my email for the receipt . i will say if youre looking for a  just to have a bakery good this may be it but go  for breakfast . holly actually makes you feel like shes so glad that you came into the restaurant but she speaks so loudly that you dont really  to engage her in any more conversation then you have to .
__label__neg worst  .   .  nightmares  of place . are other   of family or  for .
__label__pos comme des dizaines de marchu00e9s vous trouverez toutes sortes de produits quu00e9bu00e9cois variu00e9s . la raison pourquoi jy vais les vins quu00e9bu00e9cois variu00e9s indisponibles u00e0 la saq et encourager les vignobles dici . si vous avez un cadeaux  u00e0  ou u00e0 amener u00e0 lu00e9tranger vous   choix .  les beignes trou    . ca vaut le du00e9tour
__label__pos epic great place to hang out .   and  environment .  with the pretzels or steak  then  the chicken .  and  rocks too
__label__neg went to this place in the rio not the one on  mountain for  . pricing was high but food was good tasting . service  sucked though . pretty much was ignored . difficult to get drink refills . it was not the stereotypical  wait staff it was  being ignored . i would  4 stars for food quality itself but pricevalue and being ignored gets a significant knockdown in my book .  ill go  to the original kj on springmountain .
__label__neg i went there today with my daughters for lunch . i ordered the philly steak sandwich which looked totally  in the menu picture . what i received was anything but the menu picture showed a  steak sandwich in a  roll overflowing with meat cheese and peppers . what is received was 2 halves of an open face roll with dried up crumbly beef uncooked peppers and semi melted sliced cheese . i requested curly fries ... .what i received was the dried up bits left in the fry basket . the wasnt a curl on the whole plate . the diet coke however was good.nnmy younger daughter wanted a pink lemonade . the waitress informed her that they had regular lemonade or a raspberry limeade which she recommended . my daughter opted for the limeade . after  what seemed like  to my daughter she received a drink that was way too tart for a child to drink . nnthe waitress was nice though not very attentive however i was willing to  this given the lunch rush . however now that ive  other reviews it would seem that this level of service in the norm.nnthe manager came over and apologized for my sandwich took the price of the sandwich and the limeade off my bill and gave me a 10 gift certificate to entice me to come back . to be honest after reading the other reviews i dont think i will be back . it seems as if they have seriously gone down in quality and service which is rather a shame as we  to like this eatery .
__label__pos i  wish i could give justin more then  stars my husband and i met justin in 2011. he was our original loan officer when we bought our 1st home . since then we have  a refinance and spent the last month  our  . justin and his team are the best if you want the truth someone who works hard for his customers and a team that will go to bat for you ... then this is your guy  you  for helping to make all of our dreams come true for our  family
__label__pos do my nails is a great fun place to get a good pedicure and manicure . i go  two weeks and the  remembers you by  after your first visit . they are fun  and they do excellent work . the salon has plenty of pedicure seats with  options and they are  and efficient . i would   this salon to anyone .
__label__neg mostly full price meals nnvery  two dollar samples nnnnnnto prevent choking hazards water should be provided.nnparking  was unnecessarily muddy.nnn food  should held in  centers.nnhad hopes of sampling different trucks purchased one 10 meal that we didnt care for so we trashed it and went out for a  lunch . happy that we arrived and  early lines were still  .
__label__neg i attended this even last year and had my gripes about organization and parking . i had purchased vip tickets . long lines were the norm but overall not bad . my tickets gave me some shaded seating a bathroom appetizers 6 alcoholic drinks an free soda and water and 10 in food tickets . overall a good experience . nnagain this year i bought the vip tickets and after reading that some things changed i anticipated being  and disappointed which happened . first i was directed to park an obscene distance from the entrance even when the lot was not full on the north end . easily 12 mile away from  . i got right in however but i arrived when it opened to try and  some of the lines this year . nnvip was not so much vip however . they added more seating out in the open sun and only a handful of standing tables under the shade . bathrooms were just portapotties with hand sanitizer last year there were two portable bathrooms with running water . my 6 drinks now included soda and water no more complimentary non alcoholic  . as for those alcoholic ones pathetic . last year a full bar was available along with beer and wine . this year  beers wine and premade cocktails in a bucket . in a bucket . wth im not a college kid in rocky point for spring break . vodka lemonade and rum punch poorly mixed to boot are sad excuses for cocktails . nnno appetizers were included this year and those 8 in food tickets well i  them in one fail swoop at montana bbq next door . the cost of food was ridiculous especially with the portions of some . i saw a few trucks like toms bbq giving very shareable potions for 810 but i got about 6 cheese curds for 4 at another truck . nni would like to note some great trucks though franks hot dogs and chuckies topped it for me . both excellent and worth the small wait . sammich did it awesome too . didnt bother with the maine lobster lady . 20 and over an hour wait for a sandwich was not cutting it . im sure it is excellent but that hour plus wait was just to order the thing ... i am a huge truck foodie and visit them wherever i travel . im all good  10 for lunch anytime but this was a truck festival . smaller portions for less money make it possible to try several trucks . come early too since even the dessert trucks had super long lines by 2 pm . making it miserable to stand in lines in the sun . nni hop they make some changes for next year especially with that vip ticket . i feel completely ripped off on that purchase this year . the  will always get my business but it may not include this festival .
__label__neg  me start by  that i have not eaten here . my review is purely based on my inability to reach anyone to place a delivery order . nnbased on the wonderful reviews and a  recommendation i was so  to try  wong and loved the idea that they deliver i tried for  hours to  someone to place an order . after many attempts unanswered calls and busy signals ... .i gave up and moved on . it is  that i would try again . disappointing .
__label__neg i have never felt so eager to wanting to  a review . if youve seen the groupon deal about eyelash   at this place please dont go this  is very unprofessional she didnt wash her hands before touching my  . when she was doing my eyelashes she had some lashes glued together . she also requested me to pay her tip based on  not the price on groupon . when i refused to do that she was upset . i gave her 20 of tip based on the groupon price even i was not happy with her job at all . she said she has never received a tip so cheap . i left that  with a very depressed and  mood .
__label__neg i would have to say the best  about css is the interior . very well done and  a great ambiance . the food on the other hand was rather disappointing . i tried the brisket spare ribs sausage potato salad mac and cheese and corn bread . for the most part everything was pretty bland and lacked a good smoke flavor . the brisket was moist but no ring which leads me to believe it was put on the smoker to give it some color but then was taken off and wrapped and placed in an oven . the sausage had a good smoky color and flavor but the spices within the sausage were nothing more than you  in a store  sausage . my sides were overall bland and the corn bread was very  . ni was able to try some samples from my friends meals and i would say the beef  was very well done and tasty . the pie was also very good . nthe food is served cafeteria style which is difficult for me to get past it lends itself to questioning how long ago the food was prepared . also i did not get a strong smell of smoke inside the restaurant . noverall i think css would be a viable bbq option for the area if they were not located right next to another  joint . they have stiff competition and currently are lacking in the flavor department by a  way .
__label__neg anyone who likes cant stop smokin doesnt know bbq . these people are a chain style bbq joint that is meant to cater to people just wanting to eat out not anyone looking for good q. nnthe brisket only has flavor on one edge . they dont prep it so the flavor goes throughout the  and it sits there precut so it can dry out while its waiting on you to order it . thats a basic failure in serving this type of food . the sausage is store bought and  around in a stack waiting for you to order it . nnthe  are  . dried  on the cob macaroni and cheese with  cheese think kraft with premade cheese in the  with an aftertaste and the baked beans taste like canned beans with pepper added . the cornbread is godawful . its almost as dense as iron and has a really bad taste . nni wouldnt recommend this place to anyone . even the arizona dickies style bbq joint is better than this . that and there is a rubys literally just across the  . its good and head and shoulders better than this place that wont last long against its neighbor .
__label__pos ok so let me tell you . i was a little nervous ordering from a sushi place ive never heard of and on the  side . especially cause they are very inexpensive . but me and my fiancu00e9 werent wanting to leave the house so hell why not . we ordered the 40 pieces for 30. super inexpensive and a lot of sushi cant go wrong . let me tell you i have ordered from much more expensive places spending  100 on sushi and they werent as good as  roll they were  portioning was  i was amazed how good it was . we even  a text to our friend as we were eating who is ordering as we speak this place will definitely be getting our business more often . they delivery  was super nice and they  here super fast . they quoted me an hour but was here in 30 minutes a we are super stuffed and super happy
__label__pos this is my favorite running  . the manager is  and helpful and is an avid  . customer  is  notch . i always find the  styles and up to   apparel .
__label__neg i      from    this one ... not so much . first its small always crowded very tiny parking lot which makes getting in and out and trying to pump gas turn into a hair pulling out experience . with only 7 pumps with regular gas and one with diesel and the mothercrackin car designers who insist on putting the gas fill on different sides of cars weeeeeeelllllllll you see my point . bypass this one unless theres no one at the gas pumps when you arrive .
__label__pos i love locally  coffee shops because i find the  of the coffee is better and the employees always make sure youre happy . looking at the menu i had to stray away from my usual chai tea latte and go with the salted carmel mocha it was 105 degrees out and i find it difficult to drink coffee hot under those conditions so i tried it iced with soy milk i love the way soy milk gives it that extra creamy taste this drink is so  even through all that  flavor i can   a hint of the amazing espresso . i also tried the banana nutella muffin holy cow this may be an entire days worth of calories but man it was worth it . i can definitely vouch for both of these two choices i tried the honey latte and it was way too sweet for me and this is  from someone who loves sweet fancy coffee.nnso let me break this down ... ... nn1 fantastic coffeenn2 drive thrunn3 fresh tasty pastriesnn4 friendly employeesnnthis is my new favorite coffee shop
__label__pos as far as coffee goes in arizona your  are pretty slim.nnyou have your starbucks your dutch bros coffee beans coffee rushes and all the little indie ones in between ... nnif you like your coffee fast with some personality and at this special location  hours ... then dutch  in the king of the coffee chains in  . without any modifications id say they are probably the sweetest version of their counterparts but i usually make everything a little  sweet anyway.nntheir pricing is competitive with starbucks and other coffee shops while still feeling like you got a decent deal or maybe we are all used to overpaying for coffee now a  . irregardless i drive for uber on the weekends quite a bit when i dont have any major plans and they are the only place i can score a great cup of coffee past 10 pm.nnthe brand itself has a  for the baristas having great personalities and having tons of fun while working . this location is no different in fact they are all pretty awesome especially the super late weekend crew.nndutch on my friends .
__label__neg i would give   if i could .  closed for  even we had reservation . i reserved it only  i was in the city . very  . no wonder they  on  and only have one review .
__label__pos the corner has implimented some new offerings on its already  salad bar . the addition of hot food  is very welcome . our  is the  and cheese the staff is  and helpful . the management is always present to insure good quality food and service . this restaurant is an  addition to cityscape in downtown . the  is full of  well worth exploring .
__label__neg was there with a party of 8 4adults 4kids nice atmosphere and clean from the entrance to the washrooms .  was average for the price although the salad they  with the meal was awful soggy oil drenched lettuce the  part was the souvlaki plate at a greek restaurant . the meat was dry and  the pita was overfilled with tzatziki the tomatoes in the pita were cut in huge quarters like in a greek salad lazy lazy . the lamb chops were tasty but again overcooked the rib steak was worth the  but again overcooked not to or request .  a rotisserie can get one meat cooked to request . as for the rest of the  the spinach pie was great the fried zucchini and eggplant was tasteless not impressed for a place i heard so  about . i would be weary of giving this place another chance but because ive heard many recommendations i probably will maybe on a slower night .
__label__neg i cant  i had a  time here . a bit  and not a  to show for it . if youre  to trade in your clothing and accessories for cash know that they  lives up to the title cheapskate .  cash for a  they resold for 9 times what they paid me give me a break .
__label__neg went to   for dim summost was cold and the same carts came  4 or   with the same  dishes on carts.used to be a  better but seems like things have changed for the worse.will not be going back  soon .
__label__pos  nice staff  us find a  reservation on a friday night .   selection .  is a tad loud but  had a  time .
__label__neg we came here because of the 5 star feedback and they were nearly walking distance from where we live . we were very excited to see a bbq joint nearby but were highly disappointed with the food . being from kc i know what good bbq taste like and some of the best places are set up like this one but this wasnt even close when it came to good or even acceptable bbq . they had a huge smoker in back but it wasnt used for the bbq we had . since we live very close we really wanted to like this place because the  decent bbq  is 20 miles away . nnwe bought a   because we love bbq and wanted to get a  idea of what theirs was like . the food tasted old like it was warmed up from days before and it had a lot of grease on it . the beans had a  aftertaste to them and also had an old burnt taste . the smoker in back was for show only because the food tasted like it was done in an oven a  before . nnlike i said very disappointed ... dont waste your money .
__label__pos since i heard this place was going to  ive been wanting to go . its a museum about the mob . and its in the courtroom where the kefauver trial actually happened years ago in vegas . what more do you need.nnnow i know for what it is it might seem a bit  but if this stuff interests you itll be worth the  and your time.nntheir website recommends giving yourself at least 3 hours of time to go through everything . make the time .  yourself extra time . dont try to squeeze this in with a bunch of other stuff . youd be surprised how time flies.nnthere are plenty of exhibits and video . interviews and pictures . there are tons of artifacts for you to look through . there is also a gun  simulation room which is  fun if youve never  a gun before .
__label__neg clearly its just me because the mob museum has rave reviews but i hated this place . the exhibits had no flow there was no rhyme or reason to the set up of the museum it  haphazardly pulled together despite looking sleek and flashy . i would  a place like this would be  chronologically or by location of each mob outfit but there was no organization . i had no idea what i was looking at or why . if you want me to learn something from a museum tell me a  . this just totally fell short . nnalso i heard lots of people in the museum say this and tend to agree the mob and the associated violence and nefarious activities are boldly glorified in this museum . that didnt sit so well with me . i know the sopranos and hollywood has made it cool to be a mobster but at its core its really not . these guys were shady scammers and murderers . being a corrupt hustler drug dealer womanizer cop killer etc . isnt something to be celebrated.nnalso i can not believe people brought their kids here . the images displayed are violent  gruesome and bloody and the movies and interactive displays are loaded with cursing.nnthe week after christmas the museum was so crowded too . i did not enjoy being cattled through each room on top of each other . there is no relief since everyone moves in waves through the exact same rooms on each floor . the museum is  overpriced with limited parking too . i would not return or  this place .
__label__pos the bacon is phenomenal it was literally the  bacon ive ever had . i also  a belgian waffle which was fluffy and flavorful . i think they  pumpkin pie  on  as well . everything was really good but i cant  over how amazing the apple   was .
__label__pos just went for my oil change they had a deal running which was a 6000 mile  change for 29 which is very  but they also let me use the check in deal with it so my total was only 20 lets just  this is the cleanest car shop i have been in . they were all  and they offer free wifi also they give you complementary water coffee tea and  ice  i am defiantly  .
__label__pos aboveaverage united     3.nnpluses  open almost 24 hours 430 to after midnight to serve the red eye flightsn friendly helpful staff including front desk and bartendersn clean modern facility with comfortable seating and abundant ac outletsn even serves bourbon as welldrink ... missing in most united clubsnnnegatives a modest suggestion ...  would do well to study lufthansa lounges how to set up and operate a true hospitality lounge .
__label__pos im officially addicted to the mutabel babaganush at this place the armenians that run this joint have become my buds and know  what i like these  . usually i pull up to the front of the  located next to trader joes and the  are outside sipping espresso and smoking cigarettes like some scene from eastern promises . for some reason this relaxed mentality sets the mood for a great meal . i usually get hummus but the  is the best in town by far the  is  a little awkward but i forgive it because the staff is also very kind . if youre in the area i suggest you make a stop by the royal cuisine for a healthy and fresh armenian lunch or dinner
__label__pos i like  to dickeys . the food is consistently good the  is outstanding the guys behind the  are always friendly and gregarious and who can hate free ice  nnthe only thing that  my  from being five stars is their pricing . for the portion size they  to be a tad bit high . i only  when i have a 2for1 coupon or something like that .
__label__pos i  this place tucked into tiny gilford and i cant wait till summer comes and this becomes a pedestrian street and emport piece can stretch its  skinny jeaned  out a little further past the  so all the cute kids once cooped up in the window which only seated 4.5 regular sized  can  their grilled cheeses and  and beerses and dance to the  late into the night .
__label__neg i really wanted some pho the other night and  to check this place out . i had seen it from the road a million times and  id give it a try . i have to say it wasnt really what i had  . it wasnt terrible but it was very far from good . the pho was okay i got the chicken . but i feel like they didnt give very much basil lime and jalapeu00f1o on the side . portions were large which was good . my major issue with this place was the smell . oh the smell . that smell was not a smell that belonged in a restaurant . there was something funky happening in there and it was not good . in fact it was very strong . i couldnt tell if it was garbage or their cleaning solution they used on the table but i was very close to just leaving when i first got there . the only reason i didnt leave was because i was already there and starving . it felt dirty too but it was really dark in there so it was a little hard to tell . could have been the smell that made me feel that way  . the music was really really loud too i may just be being picky but it could have been taken down a  or several . the service left a quite a bit to be desired but wasnt the worst . im just very ehh about this place . if people were going and invited me id go and probably wouldnt complain . if i were seeking out pho on my own i think that i would definitely try somewhere else.nnnnow after  the other reviews i wont ever touch this  . i feel like i got lucky .
__label__pos    . cool  and  .  are  .  is yum and nom nom . definitely would recommend to eat at the fix
__label__neg the  wash does not work very  .   were  but paid 6 for a  wash that should be  a wash less  .
__label__neg pretty horrible place      cousins jersey mikes safeway sub  much any other sub  is 100000 times better the staff was  the food tasted like it was left over from last week and this sub franchise has to be the worst in the valley .
__label__pos good  .  bread .  atmosphere .   with plenty of  .   .
__label__neg this  was terriblenterrible      and slow slow servicenwe order a basic cheese hotdog and they just reheat something that was already sitting on the grill which makes me wonder if theyre even following health regulations on temperatures and food handling.nwill never go back . was just too gross .
__label__neg i liked the  but the place was  empty on a  evening so it lacked vibrancy.nnthe service was friendly but a little on the  side.nnthere were 7 of us in our group . i thought the food was mediocre . i had the  plate and i have had a lot better . the tomato sauce tasted  . a fresh tomato salsa would have added a sparkle to the otherwise boring dish . my guests enjoyed the shrimp.nnthe   high for what we got .
__label__neg   patty was    was  and hot but still squishy . know what i mean . stopped in between flights at 7pm . fries were cold . come on guys ill gladly pay especially when trapped in an airport an extra buck for  fries . throw them out for petes sake when they time out but the beer was good cant mess that up and the view against the window of ground ops at c6 is worth it so go but pay for the premium  .
__label__pos yogis is great for teriyaki  . i  love the  and chicken bowl with the addition of  . great  up place for dinner or  . the arizona bowl is great for change if a teriyaki  .
__label__neg  not the place to meet your mate . most  had   boobs . a hiring criteria  duds was fine .  fish and  were way too  .
__label__pos so far this has been my go to for all things eggalicious.nthe food is fresh and tasty and the  is pretty consistent.nni highly recommend the la casa  which is a  packed dream.ngrilled  egg whites fresh veggies and beans on the side . tortilla too if youre a wheateater.nni just moved to  a few  ago and i have been here at least twice a week.nni should  order something different next time
__label__neg i was in las vegas for a business convention and arrived at the hotel midday on friday . originally i was given a room on the 15th floor but when i tried to turn in for the night at around 11pm i was awakened by a group of shrieking hyenas in heat . startled by the notion that i had  into the local zoo and not the hilton i went downstairs to the front desk . on my way down i was shocked to discover that the mild classy hotel id entered earlier that day had transformed into a  auction where both the goods and bidders were walking advertisements for ed hardy and the discount section of forever 21. after a  chat with ray during which i explained my bewilderment and my necessity for sleep in order to conduct the backtoback meetings i had planned for the  day i was given a different room far away from the cattle auction . while this made my trip bearable the disappointments from this socalled hilton did not end.nnon sunday i went down to the taxi stand at 10am for a cab and found myself in a line ten people deep . i waited over 15 minutes for a  . i refuse to believe that midmorning on a sunday is las vegas rush hour . apparently the valet service wanted to sell a party bus to the unsuspecting guests and a slew of cabs suddenly appeared only after the hilton charged 10person to a party of  to rent a limo . thanks dude with glasses for making us wait in the heat while you lined your pockets . truly a class act one would generally expect from an establishment as well known as the hilton corporation.nnif youre a 20something with poor fashion taste and questionable judgment in the opposite sex looking for a regrettable one  stand this is the hotel for you . otherwise spend your hard earned money and precious vacation time somewhere else .
__label__neg menu   .  my     to breakfast saturday morning before work . we are both light eaters the easiest thing w could order was two eggs over easy with a side of bacon and sausage my coffee age her chocolate milk . waited 30 minutes and paid 33nnnothing on the  enticed me to return again . but its walking distance to work . hope their lunch is better
__label__pos  placenngood  .   .  location to pick up a last minute sandwich before heading into the park for an afternoon stroll . everything looked good .
__label__neg my  and i went to union pig and chicken recently for dinner . after being thrilled by salt of the earth and station street hot dogs both owned by the owners of upc we were expecting another similar experience.nnwhen walking into upc i was immediately struck by its size . there are two long benches in upc and each seat about 24 people . things brings about an interesting dining experience you are literally sandwiched between other parties . unfortunately this causes the tables to be quite  and limits your ability to hear the person across from you.nnon to the menufood ... nnthe menu itself is rather small . there are roughly 6 or so entrees to choose from . most of the entrees are your standard bbq fare brisket bbq chicken fried chicken ribs ... . the entrees run somewhere between 1218. the problem that you run into is that everything is a la carte . none of the single serving sides are included with the entrees . the next problem is that these single serving sides are on the expensive side 5 for a mac and cheese side 3 for cornbread etc . this leads to a rather expensive dining experience which in itself isnt really a problem if the food lives up to the price ... nnhowever in my experience the food did not live up to the hype . i tried both the ribs and the brisket and found them both to be a little on the  side and surprisingly to be tougher than i expected them to be . to make up for this i tried to add a little of the bbq sauce that they provide on the tables . rookie mistake . the sauce really didnt add anything to the meats and instead was at the same time too vinegary and too watery . on the bright side they clearly know what they are doing when smoking the meats . the brisket had a nice char layer and was smoked wonderfully . hours  my hands still smelled like smoke.nnthe sides we ordered we both acceptable but really failed to make me feel like i was getting a good value . the cornbread was a little denser than i like and seemed to be vaguely sweet but otherwise rather bland . the mac and cheese was pretty ok but nothing that you couldnt get at a  of restaurants around the area.nnthe one area that upc shined was service . our server was funny attentive and very knowledgeable about the food . without a doubt the best part of our meal.nnoverall i thought that upc was ok but  made me think that i overpaid for what was a just a pretty ok meal . there wasnt anything that was particularly off putting but there also wasnt anything particularly delightful either . it just kinda ... was .
__label__neg my boyfriend and i  delivery using a coupon . the driver was  but the coupon was not applied to our bill the person who took our order never verfied the total when he took our order . when we called to have this fixed they offered to credit us the difference for our next visit which was not  because we dont eat there often . when they finally offered to refund our money and we started eating our  knots were completely raw inside the wings werent good and our pizza was mostly sauce . we didnt bother calling to let them know that our food was raw because they probably  have   free food in the future and we have no plans to eat there again . ever .
__label__neg one of their employees  to me that they are  by management not to clean up or buss the few tables in this dinky cafe because the patrons would then expect it rather than learn to do it themselves.nnwhen they are busy they set the justcooked food on a small counter top that is used by customers for dirty dishes . often you have been given a buzzer which they activate when they set your food on this dirtycounter . at certain times of year there well inevitably be flies on your food when you pick it up to take to your table as weather permitting they have the doors to outside wide open.nnso i would say the place is often unhygienic and disorganized even though it has only about  tables inside.nnin spite of the above the food itself is quite good . this is another of the facilities associated with trilogy that having a captive customer base is truly not at all competitive with the outside world.nnalso many  elderly residents come into this cramped space soaked with sweat immediately after working out in the exercise facility just down the hall and are often  loud.nnand believe it or not the dinky little cafe has the major walking traffic from the parking lot to the pool  between the tables so that  of people in bathing suits and carrying all sorts of pool paraphernalia squeeze past you as you are eating.nnthis may be the poorest design for a cafe i have ever seen.nntoo bad the place is not better because a really good place would be very busy . im guessing trilogy is home to at least 3000 in winter and half that in summer yet this place often is dead .
__label__neg the food is alright . the service could be better . i like the new cook from philly but the rest of the  working had no clue what was going on . got the food to go and there was no to go  anywhere . the cash register worker handled someone with a mis charge for   before  any other customers . ni will  back but sometimes you have to  when its time for some new employees that know what is  on
__label__neg used  clothes   . i have    in the valley and this one seems pricier in comparisonmaybe because its in scottsdale also they buy   but might as well donate it they offered me 25 cents for an item that they would probably re sell for 15.00 like i said id rather donate it to savers .
__label__pos nummy.nnlove  guys .   .  are   .
__label__pos q up    bbq . their   cheese has become my wednesday goto its a sloppy barelycontainable mess of brisket melted cheese their great homemade bbq sauce and their homemade mac n  all served up on a great sourdough.nntheir handcut fries are a perfect addition though their tortilla chips are really great too and im finding it nearly impossible to pull myself away from q up to any of the other food trucks . nnthe wait is never that bad even with a bit of a line and you never go away hungry .  up isnt just good as food trucks go . its absolutely fantastic  great sauce great meat and insanely flavorful if a bit damaging to the heart and waistline ...
__label__pos happy to report that service has definitely improvednni highly suggest going during ramadan . it is over august 18 this year but that last  will probably be very busy.nnthey have a nightly buffet for  . get there by 815 to secure a table but eating and drinking even water doesnt  until 835. technically if you arent  you can eat before then but it would be very rude . everyone else there will have been fasting since sundown . about 825  will start  up to fix their plates so when the time comes they are  to eat.nngo and get some great food and witness a cultural holiday different than your own
__label__pos i  get great  and good  . never disappointed . i   the   or  .
__label__neg good restaurant gone bad we used to go there twice a week . now we go twice a year ... . maybe . nnthey used to have  . now they dont . ok i can  without it . the extra bowl was 3 now its 4. they used to keep great care to make sure that all the containers were full . now it seems they dont care . then they  to  yourself drinks . and sauces . and napkins . so ... . nnwhat is the appropriate tip to the  you  your own bowl . get your own drink . your own refill . your own sriracha . extra napkins . as far as i can see the only  the waitstaff does is bring your  . hey call my number and ill walk the 15 feet and get it faster . even if im in the mood i wont go cause i hate not tipping much . however we eat out many times per week and its not fair to tip them even 10 for doing nothing . nnvery sad . we really liked it . it turned into a marginal cafeteria .
__label__neg the food here is  . the lighting makes it very unappetizing . the  are very rude . the  are way to  to the   . the floor is filthy .  here is squeezed in . theres no room . this is one of the worst  ive been .
__label__neg my husband and i stopped by golden corral for lunch on april 30 2014 130pm ... i advise you to keep driving dont stop . whyn1 . the front of the restaurant had a lot of trash ... and it wasnt a windy day ... first impression.n2 . as you walk in you pick up a plastic tumbler for your beverage they are brown and not the color of the plastic brown ... stained . they should just buy the brown ones . and the plates should go also ... presentation goes along way.n3 . no one greeted us and since it was our first time last visiting it would have been helpful to be informed of golden corrals process . normally you pay before you get your drink ... weird.n4 . as we were looking for somewhere to sit ... that was difficult because the floor was   stuck in the leg of chair and crumbs at more than one table and around the serving stations it wasnt too crowded to do a quick sweep ... no one had a  broom walmart is across the street . n5 . then we had to find someone to wipe off a table she didnt touch the seat that had crumbs did it myself.n6 . the deal  ... we went to the back section by the waitress beverage station to visit with friends . we were hit with that sour smell when a restaurant hasnt changed the water they are using to wiping the tables with for some time ... golden corral please put a cap full of bleach or hydrogen peroxide in your water if you arent going to change it that smell makes it hard to enjoy your food our friends has sinus problems that  ... lucky for youn7 . before we could get out of the parking lot we were both  sick to our stomachs . yes we should have ran at the front door but we were trying to support the community . nnif you are brave we give the food a 2 12 out of 5. good luck
__label__pos my husband and i celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary at steak . while we are both fans of  ramsey we had high hopes for the service and food.nnit surpassed our expectations . i am gluten free and the  was very knowledgeable on my choices . nnmy  at the steak and i had the ahi  salad . we will return for   . what a wonderful addition to the choices on the las vegas strip .
__label__neg i have literally cried over this meal 3  in the past 24 hours . maybe a little dramatic but i had huge expectations . i may very well be gordons biggest fan . when i was planning my october  i specifically chose vegas just so that i could have dinner here to say that it was a let down is a huge understatement . nnwhen we arrived i was blown away by the entrance and the decor of the restaurant . its beautiful we sat at the bar for a drink and then were escorted to our table upstairs . i should note that i made reservations several months in advance . they really do fill up so know that planning well in advance is necessary here . nni knew it would be a long relaxing dinner . i was excited for the whole experience . this was just slow though . we sat at the table a good 15 minutes before anyone approached us . i was dying of thirst dont get me wrong our server was wonderful . i just feel like they have things set up for the meal to last at least 3 hours . i was  asleep at the table . nnthe presentation of the steaks is really cool . ive never seen anything like it . my mind was made up months ago though . i knew i was getting his signature beef wellington . it would be a decision i would live to regret . nni started with the onion soup . it was really good but not hot i got the feeling it was not served to me right away . it was almost as cool as room temperature . my friends soupssalads were served perfectly though . the salads looked to be the way to go . nnthe beef wellington was awful i ate about 25 of it and then threw in the towel . i guess im just not a fan of the baked meat it was tender but i just couldnt get over the off taste of it . it literally tasted like i came home from work and threw a piece of meat in my oven . the pastry  apart and didnt stay on the meat . im not sure how its  to be though . i just sat there wishing i had grabbed a slice of pizza for dinner instead . nnwe did a side of sautu00e9ed spinach and the brussel sprouts . both were good . those are hard to screw up though . i do regret not trying the mac and cheese . that sounded good . nni had been looking forward to dessert here for months timing was an issue on this  though . by the time we were offered dessert we were ready for bed no joke . i couldnt keep my eyes  . we had a cup of coffee attempting to gain some energy back but threw in the towel and went to bed . nnin the end i received over a 400 bill for a dinner i didnt enjoy . the staff is friendly and all had wonderful personalities . at least i have that memory . i wont be making the  of ever going back .
__label__neg wow very upsetting . got greeted great and thats where it ended . sat us at our table . waited over 7 mins and not one person even came over to our table .  up and  . told the  girl at the  she tried to get us back to  down but i wasnt about to return after waiting . if you are going to charge that kind of money for your food your service better be  notch . not what i expected for a gordon ramsey  . i know its a saturday night at 11 but you should give the same service no matter what time it is . i hope this is not normal . i  like to try it again maybe sometime .
__label__neg hello .  it was at your  wash jeff and the manager was the one with white hairs . an older man but not over 55 he was very  and unprofessional it was  15. i believe the  price was 12.99. total waste of  and should have  the 3.00
__label__neg long wait for substandard overpriced food .  a lunch just to try them out particularly their lobster roll . the lobster roll is served on a buttered brioche bread not a roll which just doesnt taste right and is horrible . the lobster meat is chopped into tiny pieces with copious amounts of mayonnaise and celery to the point that there is no lobster flavor and definitely no texture . the bread is  with butter and pan fried which produces an oily sloppy mess . its a failure sandwich of disappointment.nnalso tried the lobster chowder in the bread bowl which was ok but way overpriced for the little amount you get . my friend ordered the shrimp po boy which was bad as well . the shrimp was battered and deep fried then  on a hot dog roll and not good at all . why they refused to serve the lobster salad on the bread roll ill never know we did ask the chef refused . nnthe sandwiches come with fries or coleslaw and you can combo it for 6 which  add a drink . wth if it comes with fries anyway arent you just paying 6 for a drink then better strategy would be to go to another spot and  a drink separately since they all come from the same coke fountain anyway . i ordered a coleslaw because my friend  with fries and got fries anyway . after the 20 min wait for the food i didnt want to go back and exchange.nnbottom line walk across the street to planet hollywoods lobsterme instead for good  roll .
__label__neg une personne qui travaille u00e0 proximitu00e9 dakemi mavait recommandu00e9 lendroit . je ny suis allu00e9e quu00e0 une seule reprise pour acheter des sushis pour emporter et je ne crois pas que jy retournerai . le service fut courtois les deux personnes derriu00e8re le comptoir u00e9taient   et souriantes mais jai du00fb attendre tru00e8s longtemps pour obtenir ma commande . cu00e9tait en fin dapru00e8smidi avant le rush des soupers et ju00e9tais  leur seule cliente . nnde plus je nai pas u00e9tu00e9 impressionnu00e9e par la qualitu00e9 de mes sushis . sur ma commande jen ai laissu00e9 environ 14 de cu00f4tu00e9 . rien pour ravir mes papilles gustatives . nnpour des sushis rapides et pas trop  u00e0 verdun  recommande plutu00f4t sushi  sur wellington ou encore aka fuji pour un repas de qualitu00e9
__label__pos a few months back i did the  deal with the float session massage and  . it was the best 47 i had ever spent . i went back again and even gave it as a  . the second time i put my phone on the float pool edge to listen to relaxing music which made the experience better . i have to  my favorite thing to my surprise was the bio mat . ive never experienced it before and it was amazing . you lay on a   but have warm blankets over you with the  crystals underneath and you relax to a guided meditation which sends you into la la land ... .amazing . this is perfect if you are over stressed and need to pamper yourself and release all the stress and tension in your body . im planning on doing the 3  deal so i can experience this monthly .
__label__neg actually i dont even wan na  a starni was in airport before 45 mins and i checked in the system before  mins but  system lag or jam it make me delay .and due to their policy my  be  they dont allow me to get  the airport . and they dont  care ... what a heartless company and evil staffs ... well training ... well training
__label__pos i really  this smashburger in the desert ridge food court the best so  . right next to the big outdoor fireplace and kids water play area . been to a few others including one in fargo nd and they are all yummy good . each region does there own twist on a special burger with flavors from the area . fargo does a north dakota version of a burger on a pretzel bun and a dog with a smoked sausage . so good.nnhere in az they spice things up a notch by added jalapenos habanero cheese and chipotle sauce on a spicy chipotle bun . inside is simple and basic . just place your order and sit down to be served . the menu has several options . food is cooked to order . they have burgers of course hot dogs chicken sandwiches salads and several tasty sides including local craft beer if you wish to wet your whistle.nni normally get the big az burger which has habanero cheese guacamole lettuce tomato onion chipotle mayo and fresh jalapeu00f1os on a spicy chipotle bun . today i was feeling extra hungry for a az devil dog to feed my sunday  nap . poke me with a fork . the wife enjoyed a regular size avocado burger which has fresh avocado applewoodsmoked  lettuce tomato ranch dressing and mayo on a multigrain bun . could not  a side order of smash fries tossed with rosemary olive oil and garlic.nnthey are not the cheapest burgers in town but well worth the little extra when you want a  tasting quickly served upscale burger without all the extra nonsense . see ya there next time . smash it baby
__label__neg good presentation good marketing and a trendy  check check and check .  poutine ... nnim a montrealer who  a year in toronto where smokes is the place to get pout . quality high and  . when i heard one had opened in montreal i  a  of friends to check it out with me.nnthe end result  average poutine and half of us getting violent food poisoning.nnavoid .
__label__pos great food . tasty and delicious . standard  along with sushi and  dishes . lo mein is mostly noodles not half of all other stuff like vegetables bean  . great  and sour  . i go  many times and enjoy it   .
__label__neg    grille prices .  not   at  the  .
__label__pos at the base of the movie theater esplande sits the perfect cocktail loungepatio for summer . that loungepatio rises above the biltmore shops at 24th street and camelback with the perfect northfacing mountain views . the kicker part about it the misting system is super cooling and super awesome . they outdoor lounge has comfy sofas and a bar serving crafted cocktails . i went here this summer for vibes and libations with friends.nnhappy birthday del friscos i had the most wonderful time at del friscos for their 1 year birthday . it was a scorching 115 degrees that day and im not sure what  me think it would be ok to hang out outside in their outdoor lounge . it was hot in the moments before the sun went down but once that sun went down their  misters seemed to kick it into high gear and it was extremely comfortable up there . nnmy friends and i hung out in their well misted  lounge . a local band played exciting and entertaining soulful music for the anniversary . there was dancing ... i like to dance . i danced . i laughed and i danced some more.nni ordered my favorite dfg cocktail . im totally into spicy crafted cocktails and dfg has a decent spicy drink . every girl loves a hottie and  frisco has one of those too ... . the biltmore hottie rum  syrup jalapeno and lime ... that hottie is something special . a must try if you  spicy drinks.nnthank goodness for dfg . i have a great place to sip cockails while overlooking camelback  . try it you will love it too .
__label__pos good  .   .   .  of  .  place away from the main strip .
__label__neg  first . gun shots were  and the  blocked off the front entrance . i probably wont be back.nnif youre a daredevil heres more of a review . the place is located off the strip  of out by its lonesome . it does look like an old mansion but the decor is okay . lots of people  here and space is definitely an issue . you can barely move . i purchased one drink and one shot . the shot was strong the drink was really weak and was 9. not really  it . the music is pretty good . a good hiphop mix . the crowd is diverse which was surprising . make  you dress to impress the guys and the girls look really good . hookah.. i know they have it but i didnt get it . i guess its a nice added bonus if you have a table . nnhave fun if you go .
__label__pos  customer  from angela and i  there   .   kick 
__label__neg found out there was a filipino restaurant that opened and  to try it out . when i  there found out the owner is not even filipino and they served pho at this point i was skeptical . nnwe were  fairly quickly on the  of the restaurant . they have tvs place in awkward positions . they were airing nfl games on all the tvs and would not change the channel to a certain game upon my request . i was starting to get irritatednnafter looking through the menu and joking about them serving pho . we ended up going sisig and menudo . all i have to say is the sisig was aweful i was soggy fatty had a weird smell and texture . not like any sisig ive ver had . they  was ok. a couple bites of the sisig  my appetite . nni took the food to go just to be polite but deep down was disappointed and will never go back to this fake filipino restaurant
__label__neg pros friendly staff  took too long for the food to come ambiance is really confusing food was ok   .  are playing  making the   more  .
__label__neg ive been here a couple times and the food is alright . nothing special about it but i might be biased since i usually have homemade filipino food.nnwe ordered beef calderetta pork adobo grilled bangus and halo halo for dessert . the beef calderetta was actually pretty good . i think id have to  it was my favorite  of the night . it kind of tasted  not typical of any calderetta ive ever had but im not complaining . the pork adobo was also a little  than any adobo im used to . as for the grilled bangus it was ... really bland . and the halo halo didnt even have buko in it while the food was okay it didnt taste authentically filipino to me.nnthe service was hit or miss . there would be times where the waiters and waitresses would always check up on us followed by periods of neglect . also the waiting time for the food was really long considering it wasnt that busy.nnoverall this was place alright . i wouldnt go out of my way to come here again but i wouldnt throw a fit if someone was going to  me here .
__label__neg just ok.  ...  with    .  ...  . experience ... far from over the top . maybe it was an off night idk ...
__label__pos i have to want a burger to order one . when we came here i knew i was entering burger central . i was game especially because this was one of our little out of town get away foodie adventures . there were 3 of us . we ordered the chili cheese fries with ox tail . that was bomb . the flavors were all so  the flavors  easily all stand on their own but as a combination together all in one bite wowzas i really enjoyed them . we each ordered  burgers . nnwe ordered these burgersnshogun burgernmiyagi burgernkiki burgernnthe  best ordered  was beautiful . that slice of white peach as amazing . the color was beuatiful . it was just ripe enough . the citrus transformed the flavor of the  it was amazing . the wagyu beef was so tender and was really cooked to perfection . the brioche bun made it great as well.nnthe miyagi burger was great . it was a bit too much for me to eat especially after wed just devoured the fries but the flavors were also fantastic . the meat again was to die for . the flavors were full hearty and so perfectly balanced with the furikake the bacon the onions and the mayo . nnthe kiki was packed full of mushrooms . i really loved the onion marmalade that they had on there accompanied by that fantastic  and garcil chili aioli . if you love mushrooms this is definitely the burger for you nnthe  white peach strawberry soda is so yummy its not every day that you can find a place that makes something like this and makes it well . id definitely suggest that you try it . yes its nonalcoholic . so its great to share with your little one as a treat . but sorry there are no refills . darn it nnid love to eat here again . in fact i think ill bring my husband next month . yum im looking forward to it .
__label__neg odd customer service model . while there were only a few tables with  when i came in about three i was given a  from kate who said helen would be my server . helen finally appeared from the back and took my order . she then disappeared to the back . suddenly my check was on my table . ok i  this is an airport and they want to get paid before people jet . nagain restaurant fairly empty a customer who needed to pay her bill and get to her flight asked the bar tender who was the only wait staff on the floor . i cant help you . i was not your sever . weird wheres the  the response should have been let me get your server to help you . finally her wait person appeared from the back helen to settle the  but then helen disappeared to the back again . the lady stood there and stood there holding some cash and her check . she finally asked the bar tender to give it to helen and that she cant wait any longer . nmy burger arrived with a this has a wonderful smell . helen i thought get your nose out of my food . my ice tea went empty . i sure need a refill to wash this dry bun burger down i  to myself . finally when i had just one bite to go i got a refill . again with both helen and kate  most of their time in the  . i suspect they are chief cook and dishwasher as well as wait staff . if youre sitting at a table dont even think of asking or even looking at the bar tender . she wont help . nwhats a person to do though stuck in the airport and its the only restaurant past security.nlesson eat before you arrive or fill up on those crappy airline meals for purchase .
__label__neg sloooow  food is not great . not   or vegetarian   the  . pity this is the only actual  at  .
__label__neg wow every time we go here usually for a late night drive thru run as we are busy and work tons our order gets  up missing food or cold every time no kidding  the  are usually cold stale rarely full the buns are hard i mean thump when you flick them  we had to do this out of shock  time we even received a cheeseburger with no patty of course we didnt know this until we got home its enough that my  knows they must check the order every time before they get out of line they are slow not  and just dont care oh and the other night sunday night on a late night run again we put in our order thru the drive thru and then were told they only could accept cash at that time huh we had to leave . grrrr
__label__neg was  for a better experience . the  it  only one star is because my pet peeve is cold  . our  meal was cold . plus the key ingredient for steaks and  is the roll . it was terrible .  didnt give a  . wont be back .
__label__pos woooohooo we finally got a hobby lobby on this side of town i used to have to drive 50 miles round trip to go to the henderson location.nnthis store is huge and is very cleaned and well stocked.nnif you sign up for their eclub they send you a 40 off coupon or  promotion . i often pull up hobby lobby on my smart phone and just show the 40 coupon and they take it with no problem.nni just signed up for the wilton cake decorating class and couldnt be more excited . they have a separate classroom for the several  they do offer . you can  to their website and look up the class schedule to see what they offer and the  for them . they offer great discounts at times on them . the  decorating  i signed up for is  45 but i got it for a total of 20.50.nnthe name says it all . hobby lobby has all your hobby needs they have a great scrapbooking section with the best stickers.nnif you are a crafter you need to check this place out they have the cutest home decor too .
__label__neg over the last 12 months my wife sister and brother in law have made it a point to visit your business and we have  regulars at your establish having a good time enjoying your food entertainment and honestly spending a lot of  . we have also turned your business back on for many of our friends and family over the past 6 months.nthis evening 4192013 from 5pm630 pm we came back to our favorite irish pub our first time back since saint patricks day . we were having a great time when we were asked by a waitress with blond hair right before our meals were to be delivered if she could move our table down . without explaining the true intentions she started separating our tables . we were sitting at two two tops the four of us . at first we didnt ask why but soon after were  that the intention was to put the four of us around a single two top and that this was policy . youre were not even at full capacity so i said no . after we got our meals without our coleslaws the service of your staff became distant and we received  from the blond that were not complimentary.non leaving is when we confronted her with our dissatisfaction one in our party could not even eat his  and asked for it to go . i have been in the restaurant business for 30 years and for all the reasons we came  as customers to the new pour house is now why we will not return . our business is a word of mouth business and i plan to retract my support with many that i have previously made glowing recommendations to.ni guess now that your business is thriving again under your ownership that you can afford to run business off with the practice of trying to use every chair possible and making your customers uncomfortable . if this is not your intention as an owner please feel  to explain .
__label__neg bad food worse service . their carne asada looks suspiciously like  beef especially since it is mixed with diced peppers and onions . when i brought this up the extremely inattentive server alicia told me thats how it  . it was also greasy and overcooked . the guacamole was tasteless and brown ... . while it was taken off my bill at my request not even the vaguest sense of concern was offered about my being unhappy enough to  it back . i would have said something to alicia about how i was very unhappy about my whole meal but she never asked . she hid out in the server station 12 feet away . 30 minutes later after one reluctant soda refill no offer of chips or salsa and a cold plate of  with 3 12  taken still in front of me i debated asking to speak with the manager . i decided against it . if a server completely fails to notice when someone is very obviously displeased or even ask i seriously doubt i would receive much help from the mgmt . nni will never  to  fonda .
__label__pos searched through yelp while trying to find something different around my  to eat other than the  pizza or burgers that are so prevalent in the centennialprovidence area and found this gem . they have been open only two months and already have a solid  star rating and now i know why.nnit looks like it is just the owner warren that works in the shop and it is a togo place with no tables which was just fine with me . since he makes everything  it is true that there may be a wait for your food but it is  it . while i was waiting for my sandwiches he fried up some free clam strips for me which was not only nice but they were delicious perfectly fried.nnspeaking of fried keep that in mind when you come here . all of the fish and shellfish is fried but is  to perfection.nnall i can say is that warren picked a great location right next to retro bakery and i hope he is successful because he is a nice guy with a great product that is rather  to find here in the desert .
__label__neg  sound system .    up .  for  seem to be high especially consider poor quality of   . doubt i would go back .
__label__pos love love love this bar that is in the back of a shopping center off the freemont street promenade . its right  the heart attack grill . i  my mother there ... haha . nnits a gay bar where theres a ton of drag queens a bowling alley and a  dope   .  are very clean and the drinks are reasonably priced . a nice change from the other gay bars in town this bar is cool low key has great music and if you feel like being a tourist again all you have to do is go down the escalator and walk  freemont . nnthey have a coreographed drag show every half hour on fridays . it was awesome ... but my mother made a comment that made me laugh i would hate to be the  of that group ... you know cuz theyre all divas . you would tell them left right hip and one of them would say o no coco does not do that . nnplease go ... this place is really fantastic
__label__pos we used our free drink coupons from our stay at excalibur to get melon sours and  up ordering a lot of drinks because their bartenders were so  see previous  review  was the best all of our drinks were  well and it was easy to forget that you were on a  on the casino floor and not in some awesome dive bar somewhere.nnits an awesome  to get a drink when you are tired of the crystal light they give you while gambling .
__label__pos give me  or  me  . pistachio ice cream   or straight up i love those damn little things . so when i walked in to find pistachio   i didnt take long to make a choice . nnof course there are tons of other flavors as well . i also tried the animal cookie and after just one bite my teeth were wearing sweaters . i couldnt handle the sugar inside that one even though i am the queen of sucrose . so i went with  . nnit was delicious i am not one for cones especially when going to be driving so i got it in a cup . the scoop is cute but makes for kind of difficult eating . id like to get some in its own little dish to snack on at home . nnfour stars only because the lighting is abrasive and the floor plan is kinda awkward . but its tasty and thrifty
__label__neg i bought a voucher for this place from one of the deal sites . they accidentally crossed of my name on their list showing that my voucher was already used when it hadnt been . they then proceed to tell me that their verification method was fool proof how can it be when nothing is  and everything is manually checked off by hand then they tried to prove that the voucher i brought in was a photocopy reproduction it wasnt it was printer from a  . all in all a terrible experience tried to make me out to be a thief . why would i even go through all that trouble and reproduce a very real looking fake voucher to save  at the end they realized their mistake . by then i had already 25 mins of my time and my order had  gotten cold . there were no apologies from the restaurant . the food was also very  and the bubble tea was very chalky . they use powered coffeemate to cream their teas which has a huge  difference from actual condensed or fresh  . with all the chinese  options in that area i know i will never go back to this place .
__label__neg i arrived shortly before 300 and was told my room wasnt ready . they sounded apologetic and told me that they would call me when my room was ready . i waited over two hours before i called to check on the room . i wasnt able to reach the front desk but the operator  me she would check on the room and call me back . at 630 i received a call from the front desk telling that my room wasnt  but they found a room for me . the person made me feel like he was doing me a  . i  seemed to bea  to the front desk clerk but they  me two free drink coupons for my inconvenience . the room i received wasnt as clean as i expected . i used the drink coupons that night and received poor service at  from the waitress . overall a very poor experience . one star is generous .
__label__neg sil est vrai  pour moi lambiance dun restaurant est importante tru00e8s mu00eame u00e0 quoi peut servir une belle du00e9co et une vue imprenable sur le tarmac et sur les avions hey  ceux qui comme  adorent laviation cest gu00e9nial si la nourriture est moyennence restaurant  un  u00abattrape touristeu00bb alors un conseil mangez avant dentrer dans la zone ru00e9glementu00e9 mangez chez vous ou encore ... attendez sagement votre repas davion ... . cest u00e0 peu pru00e8s pareil
__label__pos we had a great time at this restaurant . the service is excellent the calamaretti appetizer was really good . the pasta dishes my daughter and i ordered were good as well . my  said his pizza was  . we had lunch and it was a great value . the  has a good vibe . we wouldve liked to sit outside but is was  hot when we were in vegas last month . there is a  showroom downstairs thats pretty cool . well  be  .
__label__neg did lunch today first time there . brat had  flavor but i had a hard time finding it the poor little thing was lost in the roll . the bread to  ratio was about 3 to 1 and that does not make for a good sandwich . the belgian fries were  a bit disappointing . fine flavorwise but they were all only about a 34 inch to 1 inch long . very   considering the focus on dipping sauces . you could not  them  getting your fingers in the sauce . sevice was ok atmosphere more of a  than a restaurant . overall not worth the drive .
__label__neg     and   .  the  and house brats . maybe i got an old pretzel but quality control is badly needed there . bratwurst was way too modern and did not taste good . stick with traditional german food and i will come back .
__label__pos everything here was good . we had the waffles chocolate covered  beignets with jam and took  some  pie and chocolate  cookie . we  it all down with caramel iced coffee and it was all delicious clean   decor better than anything i  find on the strip . perfect
__label__neg do not eat here after i ate here about 20 minutes after i had the runs food was aweful old and disappointing nthe restaurant was empty on a wed. 10 oclock pm . our server was nice chase knowlegable however when we complained about the corn it was raw . chase explained that it was a different type of corn so they stay firmer when cooked ... i never heard of a certain corn that when cooked tasted and felt like raw corn when bitten into it . that is a lie . later in the  he offered to exchange it for another  we declined . we ordered a steampot 2 lobsters sausage 6 shrimps and a pound of clams 5 alarm hurricane margarita a captains kid meal . our meal was horrible we ate what we could and brought the rest for our dogs to eat since i paid for it . what a waste of money your restaurant cooks seafood all day long how do you get it wrong your chefs need to be retrained to know that seafood  quick and it is imperitive to keep an eye on seafood if cooked too long it becomes rubbery my 19 month old son did not want to  his food which was unusual because he is an eater . so i tried his food horrible the a 1 small piece of fish overfried the piece of fish was around 2 12 inches in length maybe 3 inches at the most . it seemed like the fish had been refried . old fish . i was totally disappointed . i did not speak to the manager its obvious that it wouldnt have helped to tell anyone . since the manager must be clueless the atmosphere was sad . this is probably the worst seafood i have had ever.nthe service was not attentive when asked for a little time to look at the  i timed him waiting 10 minutes before i looked for him and found him no where to be found . waited 5 more min . he was in the kitchen . i finally had to bother the bartender by eye contact only unlike the others he was doing his job and the servers as well . when the place is empty i expect for the wait staffserver to pay attention to the 1 customer that he has . i asked for the server for more tartar sauce for my son 19 months old he cant speak yet . chase brought after i asked a second time . my son tried it and pushed it aside and kept  the empty tartar that he had so i told him its the same thing and pushed it back to him ... but he didnt use it puzzled i dipped my finger in the tartar sauce chase had brought and to my surprise it was blu cheese dressing 0 i feel so cheated i think i spent 60.00 on crappy rubbery lobsters . i will be yelping this because seafood chains like yours should be experts at cooking seafoodnsergio the gm called me quick 30 min . after i posted this review . he apoligized and offered a free meal for our next visit i told him i will not return but i feel i deserve my money back . he said he would return my money and asked politely to please give them another  . he also said to give him a call and let him improve on our next experience . i will go visit again but i do not wanting special treatment i just want good food with good service in a timely manner thats all customers wantn i just want to thank you very much for your service sergio as the gm you did the  thing .
__label__pos  store is full of things you didnt even know that you needed like an  for all of your electric hair styling tools or recycled cardboard boxes perfectly sized for storing those relics that are cds.nnfor someone as organizationchallenged as me this store is a dream in helping me make my home the functional living space that i need it to be . from  to bedroom to living room to bathroom this place has it all . sure a lot of these  you can get at target or ikea for half the price but they do offer some not so common items that youre not likely to  anywhere else.nnthe staff here is really friendly helpful and  enough about the products that even a vague description of something that you are not entirely sure exists will yield helpful results from an employee . nnhighly  for anyone who has trouble organizing their life or if youre looking for a gift for the organization maniac in your life who has everything .
__label__pos i began my association with pretty in pink through grouponi  3 cleaning sessions which i thought would be a great audition for the company . i was right and they passed with flying  . nni had them do deep cleaning the  two sessions . over the past year i took care of an injured relative and i had gotten behind on cleaning . id only had time to take care of the middle and places like the showers shutters top of the kitchen cabinets needed lots of attention . the team from pretty in pink  everything sparkle and shine . they were thorough and efficient . nnon the  session i wanted to see how they would do with a typical  . i had some specific instructions for care for certain items in my home . they listened carefully and did just as i  . once again my home was sparkling . nni plan to use them on a regular basis now and im looking forward to extra care my home will receive.nnone last notei  with two different teams . both teams had at least one fluent english speaker on the team . i had zero communication issues
__label__neg  quality of  hostess  has the north  service    make sense to what you get it is a no no no ... but probably there is not much offer of japanese quality in vegas except yellow tail which was much better when i went this 
__label__pos nettes restaurant  guten  richtigem bier und freundlichen  .  pizza gibts auch pasta sandwich  und salate . es ist nicht der typische amerikanische fastfood  sondern handgemachtes gutes essen . nsehr  empfehlen .
__label__pos   pizza .   will  .  and  are fantastic . highly recommend especially tuesday 12 price bottle of wine and frisat 12  from 10midnight.nntruly a great experience .
__label__pos rayners first came on my radar a  of years ago  to mentions by friends . ive become a real fan once i tried it . its  to decide my  food  there pastries handmade chocolates delicious lattes outstanding  tasty  i must  it i love them all
__label__pos best chocolate we have ever had we were  at their lunch variety and everything we have tried so far has been excellent . they have fast  to get you in and out on your lunch  . they also make  chocolate for special occasions and are quite talented . we eat there once or twice a week now . the chef is from england and has amazing british  in  to   options .
__label__pos not sure what the bad reviews are about . i did only just move in this weekend but so far im elated the apartment is really amazing . the view is phenomenal . yes its an older building but id rather think of it as classic vegas the amenities are great and so far everybody ive met neighbors and staff are very friendly . the staff has gone out of their way to make my move into the building as smooth as possible . maintenance seems to be within an earshot if i need them for anything . the  is  not the greatest or safest in vegas but you dont have to  in here to realize that . as long as youre in the building youre pretty safe . they went to great lengths to secure the property from unwanted guests.nbottom line is that i knew what to expect moving in here . its not summerlin . this is my first time living this close to the inner city and its perfect for my current situation .  one factor was that they accepted my pit bull upon meeting her . secondly im not having to deal with the witch hunts of intrusive hoas and nosey neighbors with sticks up their asses . i feel very comfortable here and  no major issues that would convince me that i havent made the right choice  in . and it has to be said again im  out my windows right now and im just in  of this view
__label__neg filthy dirty shamenthis place wont make it on good food only . this is the filthiest restaurant ive seen in many years . ive been three times and the filth is no fluke its a standard here . trash is overflowing food served on filthy food trays dried food and crumbs on tables that only  to be wiped . filthy dried food remains in a tub above the trash that also overflows . nothing is ever wiped down trash on the floor mold on the fountain nozzles . last visit they were out of ice . out of ice nnall this filth and the guy that runs the register is rude and is either eating at the register standing with his  in his pockets or sitting at a table where his laptop is a fixed feature . i think if they replaced this guy with someone that will do the job they could fix a lot of their problems . ive never seen him  an effort other than take an order which he has  getting right as ive noticed people get food they did not order.nntheir  is terrific but this place will eventually be  down by the  department . theyve received bad reports in the past and made no effort to improve.nnits a real shame this place could be so great so  . we wont be going back .
__label__neg worst  customer interaction . we order  biryani and got eggbiryani . on same day around 930pm i called them but no one picked up . next day i went and returned  biryani and  arrogant reply from owner . very bad customer satisfaction . me too offered  money as a tip for rude behavior . please double check the  before taking parcel ... . and hopefully you will not become victim of surprising parcel and rude   ... .
__label__pos  . 5 stars.nnbetter  that.nn5  maybe closer to 6. it was that good . every part of my experience at beach hut deli was a positive one . from the recommendation the owner gave to the quality of the food all spot on . it was 730pm about 30 minutes before the deli was supposed to close and i was treated no differently than as if i was the first customer of the day . the owner recommended the surfin bird for me turkey avocado bacon cream cheese lettuce tomato mayo . why the asterisk let me tell you why . because cream cheese on a sammich is one of the greatest things i have ever tasted in the history of my tasting . it was that good .  others already knew this secret but i didnt . my wife isnt much of a turkeyer so she took the owners recommendation as he said and i quote the whole reason i opened this place is because of the surfin cow . cowabunga . same ingredients as the surfin bird just minus the bird and exchange it for roast beef . served hot or cold she chose cold . outstanding nnthe thing i appreciated most was that we were there until a few minutes after 8. instead of feeling like i needed to rush out which i probably would have done had i worked there the owner came up to us and asked how everything was as . he wanted to know how we heard about beach hut deli and what we thought of the food . he could have easily ignored us and i would have still given this place a  star accolades . i appreciated the extra attention and him going out of the way to make us feel warm and welcome.nnwell done beach hut deli . see you soon .
__label__pos my husband and i have recently moved to san tan valley and as is known we are food enthusiasts that rarely agree with the reviews here . we were looking for burgers and decided to go for daves which is less than 10 minutes from our new home . and yes it is in a chevron gas station wow . i really dont understand most of the reviews here . when we arrived our second trip since they are not open on sunday it is  that there was no one at the counter but it took about 3 minutes for one of the employees to ask us if we were needing to place an order . we asked for a minute to look at the menu board . she gave us a very friendly smile and  us look . it was very  they had been on their break this is a small operation just a minute or two later the other employee and cook michael came to the counter . his smile and bright eyes literally lit up the place . nnwe ordered two 2 burgers with everything that includes a double decker burger with cheese lettuce tomato onion pickle and special sauce for 6.95 plus bacon and onion rings 1.00 each if you want . he asked if we had our coupon . we said it was our first time here we gathered what to order from previous posts and he  that we must have a coupon and then proceeded to comp us all our  bacon jalepenos and onion rings in addition to then handing us a coupon for 25 off any orders over 10.00 on further meals . michael was very jovial and pleasant and made us feel like we were old treasured customers.nnthe burgers arrived after about 1015 minutes . you could tell everything is cooked to order including the fries and onion rings . the burgers were double decker lightly seasoned and very fresh meat with the cheese melted and the bacon applied to both layers of the burger . all the ingredients were fresh ... crisp tomato and  dill pickles that were crisp and tart not the sad limp sweet pickles most places put on their burgers . they were truly flavorful and delicious . nnnormally we would take pictures first but these burgers looked and tasted so good that upon the first bite both my husband and i macked them down within about 5 minutes . that is how good they were and this is from someone that usually can not even finish half of a single burger without saving it for later and the onion rings were superb beer battered golden brown crisp deliciousness when you take a bite the onion does not slide out of the ring as most do . they are tender but crisp and very flavorful . nnwe were happy enough with the experience to talk about going back for dinner that night and breakfast the next day to try the breakfast burritos that they have all day we did go back 2 days later to try some of their sandwiches that i will post about soon but needless to say we have not had a bad experience here at all and recommend the food at a gas station no  for its freshness quality price and staff .
__label__pos   again      here  is best valuenfish tacos are insane too nfree jalapeu00f1o salsa got extra for my eggs all week
__label__pos ive been seeing laura here for about 4 years now ever since i first went to her to rescue me from the  haircut of my life.nnive  been one to get my hair cut on a regular basis but now because of laura i see her  78 weeks and my hair is longer and healthier than its ever been in my adult life.nnshe always asks before  off any  length . she truly cares that her clients are happy and shes very open and honest with her  . weve played around with a  of different color and there isnt anything she has done that i havent loved.nncan i possibly get any more glowing in this  yeah laura is that fantastic .
__label__pos anytime i can hop on a tram in lucky las vegas im all over it . this is a great feature when   while we  at the vdara . it  for ease to  casinos and  out all the walking i do while decked out in sky high heels . ladies you can feel me on this and can  a tram likewise.nnnote tram  is free but hours are limited . route is from monte carlo to the bellagio .
__label__neg this dunkin donuts is a hit or miss for me . after living on the east coast for five  i know what a true dunkin coffee tastes like ... extra cream extra extra sugar . they just cant seem to get it right here . their coffee  tastes like bottom of the  and their donut selection is lacking . one morning i pulled up to the drive thru at 8 am and they were out of old  and boston kremes ... i almost had a heart attack right.in.the.middle of the drive thru when the lady uttered the  were out and i looked at my car display that  800 amnnother  ill  and theyll be out of plain white bagels ... i kid you not dont they keep frozen donuts and bagels on hand you know in case of an apocalypse
__label__pos great   bar and the new management is excellent . nncame here on lunch hour to watch the world cup game and got the hot wings and a beer . hot wings were  and everyone else i was with enjoyed their bar food lunch chicken   chicken sandwich . nnwe got a free drink w checkin and the new owner was so kind of give us complimentary cake pops and some  for next time . nnonly complaint was that our food took awhile maybe 45 minutes def a  long for a lunch breakthey have a 10 minute menu and i assume theyre  out the kinks . will give them the benefit of the doubt .
__label__pos wagyu beef . nni dont even like steak and this is one of the best things i have ever eaten . get it medium  and indulge . it comes on a bed of lentils and slowlycooked onions which add bright notes to cut through the richness of the  . it also comes with a small pad of shaved butter on top . again its a mustorder item.nnduckfat friesnncrispy crispy  . they have a  flavor than normal fries . best fries i have had . but theyre still fries.nnoctopus saladnnyummmm . the octopus wasnt rubbery yay it had a grilled flavor that was complemented beautifully by the crazy water which is an italian herb brothi thought this version had some tomato juice . mussels clams excellent . second favorite dish.nnraviolinnim a huge fan of soft eggs . it was fun to cut the ravioli and watch the egg yolk douse the rest of the dish . there was a perfectlycooked slice of bacon on top of the dish which brought a  saltiness . i would definitely get this again.nncheesecake fo dessertnnsilky cheesecake graham crumbles and a peachbourbon  cant go wrong.nnneverything here was basically my favorite ... excited to go back because i have my eye on that charcuterie platter ...
__label__neg i am picky about frozen yogurt places . i can not find one as good as yogurtland which i visited in colorado . orange leaf has nice people working there but if you  to sample something they  fill the little sample cup for you and stand right next to you when you eat it . it is  . one of the   about going to a yogurt place like this one is to try all the great flavors . it was awkward to say the least and out of 6 different frozen yogurt places i have tried this is the only one i have  felt awkward in . the frozen yogurt and topping selection are up there with most in the madison wi area but not as  as yogurtland . the prices arent too bad either compared to others i think a little less even . for overall experience i would go to cherry berry in the area .
__label__pos  and  chicken    and   
__label__pos i officially can see why this is one of the top rated  in vegas i was pleasantly surprised to learn everything is vegetarian nngreen tea  slightly too hot . i had to wait for 15 minutes to  it ... but it was flavorful once it cooled . nnprices you cant beat those lunch prices nnsoup i found the soup needing a little  but it was an awesome broth nnentree i had the general chicken . i really  it . i also tried the tofu veggies and they were full of flavor . nni  wait to try this place out again for lunch
__label__pos natalie was the best i recently moved to north phoenix from orange  and have the same stylist for 7  . with being in the makeup industry and being particular about my look ... i was nervous to  to someone completely new . i bought a  to get a haircut . i was seated immediately on time for my appt  was sweet funny and we had a common personality . she  to details of what i was looking for.. and cut it perfectly . ive received many compliments from the  as well as in the area and have recommended the salonstylist . nndefinitely be back for an  trim in a few weeks . cheers .
__label__neg i have been going to gibbys bts for  3  now 2011. i have always brought friends there for the  food and cheap drinks . one of my selling point was always the awesome large meaty wings . nntoday i was shock to see my order in  of me tiny pathetic  wings . i can only imagine this was some  cutting tactic . . they even put the wings in a smaller basket to make them look larger . nnwithout quality food i can not reccomend this bar any longer it has only been downhill the last year .
__label__pos awesome awesome awesome first of all i dont just live in maricopa ... i live way out at a pretty far point in maricopa . but he came with no complaints and no  charges .  he did such an incredibly thorough job on my cat pee stained carpets that they look amazing . he went over each inch several  and even got down on his hands and knees occasionally to check the smell . he also did a loveseat that was covered in cat hair and it looks brand  . third he was so reasonably  that i feel he may have undercharged and i feel a little guilty with as much work as he did . bonus left a bottle of spot cleaner and shoe coverings to  the floor while it dries . nnweve used two other  before and were left with crunchy carpets afterwards or just  par results that left me feeling like i couldve done a better job myself with one of those rentals from the grocery store . i will use and recommend robert again and again . plus it is just so nice to receive good customer service rather than having some kid who just wants to hurry up and finish the job .
__label__neg i come here because im a fan of this chain and because its the nearest churchs near my house . the place is fairly clean as its fairly new.n   i came though they were advertising a family meal with  large sides for 10.99 right upfront streetside of the establishment and unbeknownst to me charged my card 11.99 a day before they changed the  the following day . strike one . then i go to order and tell the guy i want all spicy he tells me he only has half my order for the spicy i was like dont worry ill wait i want all spicy . waited a good 810 minutes he tells me okay youre good to go . surprise i  home and half is regular . like wtf you make me wait and still give me what you wanted . strike two . ill  qt a later day in cqse i go back their sweet tea tends to draw me in . hope im not in for strike three .
__label__neg      of the  equipmentnncons beer is mediocre at best.. tastes watered down food is way overpriced and the shrimp mousse appetizer thing is horrendous ... i mean disgusting . the chefs creations remind me of the crap i see on gordon ramsays kitchen nightmares where the chef gets excited with weird flavor combinations that dont jive ... plus bizarre glasses and food holders that are just annoying . nni will not return . theres no value here .
__label__pos the force is strong up in here this place is dope . it is light  ahead of the place that rhymes with fart ducks . well kinda rhymes you know why nnsimple they have almond milk . why that other place doesnt have that as an option yet is beyond me . galaxy has it and can use it to make some of the specialty drinks instead of dairy . their brewed coffee is stellar in my book.nngalaxy also has .50 refills on brewed coffee and iced coffee drinks . that means while im killing it at miss pac man and sucking down my first sugar free hazelnut mocha iced coffee with a  of almond milk im all about the dark side when it comes to my brew the kind barista is  my second one for the road insert star wars band playing with the cool blue elephant dude right here . the figrin dan and the modal nodes in case you were wondering.nnif you are keeping track they have almond milk great sugar free syrup collection cheap refills and video games now add drivethru to the list my friends have tried their breakfast sandwiches and bagels and enjoyed them but i cant tell ya personally about those . you know what else they havenna huge selection of everything star wars star trek planet of the apes and anything else  space related . what this means is that i drink my morning brew with mutha  yoda and an ewok so boo ya . bonus is if you check in on  you get 20 off orders over 5 this is cool because they are a tad bit  but the atmosphere and intergalactic vibe make it worth it to me . im just glad this galaxy isnt far far away.nnthis jedi is not using mind tricks on you . galaxy cafe is where its at .
__label__pos this clean and quiet coffee shop is a hidden gem in   . if you love scifi youll love the ambiance they have every sort of memorabilia from planet of the apes facial  to a life size yoda drinking coffee . even the food has fun names such as palpatines pastrami panini and the wrap of khan . but dont worry this place has much more to offer than just  if you are not a scifi fan . the  is fantastic and very reasonably priced . the baristas are fun and talkative . the chai tea is amazing also they offer free fast wifi and have a tv for sporting events . we will be 
__label__pos located where peckhams  to be henri is a french deli and cafe in stockbridge perfectly located for a stop during some charity shop shopping or after a wander in the botanics and inverleith park or even after a browse around the modern art galleries.nthe coffee is very good and i had only gone for coffee until recently . but after a wander up the  the other day we had cheeky stop for coffee and got tempted by a platter of charcuterie and cheese . we ordered a small size one which was  for 2 for a late afternoon snack . different kinds of yummy cheese and some saucisson and ham accompanied by a couple of olives and  . gorgeousnthe  counter has an extensive selection of french cheese and if you like your smelly cheese it is the place to gonthey do bread and viennoiseries which i hear are good.nthe shop also has an selection of french delicacies from nougat to cassoulet . they also sell wines and other  drinks which are a bit  but can be nice as a present.nbeing french myself i find the  expensive but it is fabulous to make presents to a foodie friend or as a little occasional treat . the cafe is however reasonably priced and the staff are very friendly . i can only recommend the place .
__label__pos ive stayed at kimptons in san francisco baltimore and boston and the phoenix palomar is by  my  . i choose kimptons since i  with my dog and i appreciate their pet policy but even  that they have phenomenal customer service and modern comfortable rooms.nnfor this hotel they have a bar and restaurant onsite as well as a rooftop pool . no onsite gym but theres a golds gym across from the hotel thats free for hotel guests . i was pleasantly  as it was similar to equinox which is much better than a small hotel gym . as all other kimptons have they do their daily comp happy hour from 56 pm which is nice . the only downfalls of this  were parking 27day which is not common in phoenix and rooms only had one air vent by the window.nnoverall ive been very happy with my stay and next time im in arizona id definitely stay here again as opposed to somewhere in  town scottsdale .
__label__pos  this  great   barrestaurant  to  gym free coffee in the morning happy hour in the evening good service and awesome location within walking distance to tons of stuff . i always stay here when i am in phoenix .
__label__neg  on my way home for pizza and a greek salad . this is by far not the pizza im  to being from ny it tastes like a frozen pizza but my husband  the dough old . i asked for it well done because pizza here in  tends to be doughy it wasnt well  ... .nor sure if i should give it a second  ir just never  this  needs a lot of work
__label__neg go  elsenthis  only gets   from me and thats for the easiness to make a same day appointment and the front desk gal who took my information . other than that the dr or np who my seen my child today  zero nim not too sure who it was that actually saw my child because she didnt introduce herself but the name on his rx says denise ogletree mcguinn . she has no bedside manners at all she did not sanitize her hands when she walked in . she did not ask what is my sons name . she did the quickest checkup ever which consisted of her listening to his chest and then looking into his ears only . i say oh hes tired to which she replies well he doesnt have a job so i dont feel too sorry for him . b she dx my son with an ear infection and then asks me what should she prescribe him because he is allergic to amoxicillin . again..wth she does notice that he has a low grade fever so she says she will look to see if there is a sample ibuprofen in the office so i could administer it to him and that she will bring him a popsicle because he has only been urinating once a day for the past two days and walks out leaving the door open behind her . minutes later the ma walks in with the sealed bottle and says the doc circled the dosage in the back and before i could say anything  like request for water and a syringe she walks out and leaves the door open behind her too . finally the doc walks back in places his rx on the opposite end of the exam table and hands me a sealed popsicle and says i made the rx good for 5 days which supposed to mean what to me . i than ask if she could check his throat he has been coughing and not eating or drinking which she says ... he wouldnt have strep so i dont need to check the only way he could get it is if someone in the house had it but ill check anyways . she checks . says its a little red . does the swab test and says she will run a rapid check and walks out again leaving the door open behind her . and then minutes after a different woman walks in and says the test is negative you can  and walks away . and that was it no patient education given . no signs and symptoms to watch for . nothing the least you could do is print something off of mayoclinic.com as if you actually care about my kid im so irate . im going to see if i can get my copay back so i can use it to see a real doctor rude rude rude
__label__neg apartments seem nice and located right on the greenbelt near old town scottsdale . but i have never dealt with worse customer service in all the apartments i have rented.ni came in on a saturday and waited 20 minutes to talk to the only  who was working . he was casually taking his time with the couple which is to be expected but failed to greet me or offer any literature while i  . after showing them the model he went on to talk about his favorite foods and his trips overseas without any sense of urgency to help me out . then when they finally left he answered the phone and tended to other tenants who had walked in not giving me any attention at all.nthere was no follow up after i was  the model . since i liked the location i figured i would move there . every time i called i had to leave a message no one answered the phone . it would take a day or two for him to get back to me.ni handed in my application and a girl called me back that day . i was very happy that she seemed much more in to customer service than the man . but that was all . she said she would call back in two days after the application process came back . she did not . i called the next day and of course had to leave a message . she never returned my call . i had to call a couple more times to get a hold of her . she sent me the lease via email and the dates were wrong so i emailed her  . she never returned my emails . i told her i wanted to see the apartment the day before i moved in to make sure it was what i wanted before signing the lease . she never called nor returned my messages and emails asking for this . i got her temporary assistant on the line who said there was nothing she could do as the  had gone home for the day . nso the day i was suppose to move in i went to another complex . i figured if the customer service was this  as a perspective customer how would it be if i ever  something fixed or anything  i was having problems with . within 2 hours i had looked at an apartment filled the application signed the lease and moved in the best thing about chazal besides the location is how good it makes other apartment properties looknoh and of course i never had any sort of follow up to ask why i hadnt moved in the day i was suppose to from chazal ... .
__label__pos il u00e9tait temps que je visite les brasseurs . depuis un bout de temps je bois du00e9ju00e0 les biu00e8res de cette micro brasserie u00e0 la maison mais je navais pas encore pris le temps dy aller pour prendre une biu00e8re et une bouchu00e9e . tout pru00e8s de leau avec une belle vue sur le signe de farine five rose cette micro brasserie est bien jolie . le du00e9cor me semble un peu typique industrielchic de ce genre dendroit et jai adoru00e9 les lumiu00e8res suspendues du plafond sur des gros  de bois . la su00e9lection de biu00e8re inclue celles disponibles ailleurs en u00e9picerie dans des restos en plus de quelquesunes saisonniu00e8res qui ont des saveurs assez originales une stout u00e0 la vanille et cafu00e9 u00e7a vous tente on y a mangu00e9 des calmars frits qui u00e9taient parmi mes pru00e9fu00e9ru00e9s en ville . bien quon ait du00e9cidu00e9 daller ailleurs pour le souper les  assiettes qui circulaient et la variu00e9tu00e9 au menu nous donnaient limpression que cest  bon endroit autant pour la bouffe que pour les biu00e8res . jai bien hu00e2te u00e0 lu00e9tu00e9 pour pouvoir my rendre en vu00e9lo en  de 10 minutes
__label__neg food ginza  traditional japanese cuisine ranging from hibachi to sushi to noodles with plenty of appetizers and deserts as well . we started with the miso soup which was just fine and warmed us up on a cold winter night . we followed with the edamame appetizer . its hard to mess up edamame and ginza definitely didnt but the dish could have used more seasoning to make an otherwise average dish stand out . there were other interesting appetizer choices like seaweed salad fresh spring rolls and avocado salad all of which are probably worth considering instead of the edamame . we then ordered the vegetable sushi roll which contained avocado asparagus and cucumber any of these could also be ordered individually within a roll . the roll consisted of six large pieces and was fresh and well made . there were four enticing vegetarian entrees on the menu tofu vegetable teriyaki tofu tempura vegetable hibachi and vegetable udon noodles . the udon noodles can be prepared panfried or in broth soupstyle . the panfried udon noodles were quite bland covered in a sauce that had little to no flavor or spice . the tofu teriyaki was  more interesting with a thicker more tasty sauce but wasnt anything memorable and some of the vegetables were cold on the inside . the tofu was prepared crunchy out the outside but very wet and soft on the inside . ginza does not put any hot sauce pepper seeds or chili paste on the table and also do not offer a spiciness scale so you cant really adjust what you get on your plate to accomodate for a lack of flavor . the leadins to the  course were not bad but not great and the entrees were pretty lackluster . overall it seems as if ginza doesnt have experience designing and preparing vegetarian items . meat and fish eaters would likely have more success finding something satisfying.nnprice the prices were very reasonable as we ordered two soups an appetizer a sushi roll and two entrees for under 30. we were hungry so we didnt have enough  to bring home although we may not have taken leftovers anyways due to lack of flavor but the portion sizes are above average . nndrinks ginza is byob but they do offer japanese teas and sodas in addition to regular fountain drinks.nnatmosphere the restaurant is decorated very nicely with darkly painted walls and candlelit tables . there are tables for small and large parties and enough space so that you arent sitting directly on top of your neighbors . however the restaurant is basically one big room and when the door opens on a cold night you can feel the chilly air rush in if you are anywhere near the front . it isnt too difficult to find a parking spot on liberty or one of its side streets.nnservice we were seated immediately upon entering the restaurant and provided menus and glasses of water . our waitress was very friendly and attentive often checking our table and refilling our water . we requested an  of tofu to the udon noodles which the waitress  but when the plate came the tofu was missing . we were also served our appetizer sushi and entrees within five minutes of each other creating a table full of hot food getting cold.nn cheap prices large portionsnn average to belowaverage vegetarian foodnnwould i go back again probably not although i wouldnt stop a meateating  from giving ginza a shot .
__label__neg well i was craving korean and we wanted to try somewhere closer to our house . i guess this experience was my bad ... but hey someone had to try it right as kevin says it filled our tummies and i must agree 100. the food was eh ... .okay . i guess because we were hungry we definitely had waaaaay better korean food . stay  for my next review of it . nnthe outside actually looked pretty good . yes quite opposite from other restaurants we go to hmmm ... interesting ... . we went on a tuesday about 430pm so it wasnt crowded at all . there was just one other person sitting there the lady that somewhat greeted us looked like she was one of the owners . i say somewhat because she was distracted with her korean shows that was blaring from the tv situated in the middle of the restaurant she was in front of that tv every  she got.nnwe  it safe and ordered the  and chicken . the dishes were 14.95 each they only had the cooking menu open at that time so we didnt have much of a choice . they had soups and other appetizers but we opt not to have any . i  wanted to try the seafood pancake but it was 16.95 pretty steep for me . there lunch special prices looked okay ranging 8.009.00 but that ended at 230pm . nnwhen the dishes came out on a cast iron sizzling plates it didnt quite excite  . it came sizzling with just onions the meat was soft but it definitely needed more flavor . same goes with the chicken mind you they used the chicken breast . im used to thighs.nnnow lets talk about the sides given . they gave about 6 side dishes . one was a huge bowl of salad which consisted of just greens and the dressing was a  rice vinegarsoy sauce with a bit of spice . the other sides were the usual kimchee stuff but they didnt give much . we actually had to ask for more . one last thing my husband being in the food industry business would always tip 20 regardless . but i have to tell you that its a big statement when he only tipped 15 at this placennalright enough about this place . im sorry to say that this was the first and last time that we would be going here . for anyone who goes and has a better experience . were happy for you
__label__pos first time trying.nni  through the drive through.nbest customer service.nim usually hard on drive through because usual drive through employees are lousy and a bit prude but not freddys.nnfast and 100 customer service even through  through.nnexperiencenndrove up and was greeted right away with a friendly and welcoming voice.nni told the girl that its my   and i asked her which was better the number 1 or number 7 she told me number 6 with bacon . she did not hesitate to tell me what and enjoyed and to be honest im glad she told the truth nni also ordered a mini chocolate milk shake and oh my gosh bestnchocolate shake i ever hadnngot my order quick and they greeted me goodbye definitely coming backnntheir steakburgers are the best and their food is not oily at all.nnnno regrets . ill be back for great service
__label__pos last night friday i went to forequarter for the first time . we arrived at 5pm . the restaurant is lovely ... rustic and cozy . unfortunately it is winter in wisconsin so we never really felt warm . few spirits was offering a tasting of their gin rye and bourbon . i tried the rye which was smooth and full flavored . some cocktails were offered at a reduced price putting to use the few products . i ordered a negroni and my friend got a gin mule . both were expertly prepared and presented.nnthe waitress was excellent . very knowledgeable not overly intrusive and available when needed . we started with the duck and turkey rillette with crostini and micro green salad 10. it was absolutely decadent and  . one could be put off by the layer of fat atop the rillette but had it been pate there would have been the same fat content but it would have been pureed into the meat . my friend is something of a vegetarian but she  this  course.nnnext we shared the roasted mushroom and citrus panzella 13 and the herb cavatelli with house made ricotta caramelized onions parsnips and spicy greens 14. the servings were medium sized . we were not full but we were more than satisfied . someone with a   and wallet may want a dish to themselves . both dishes were perfect . the homemade pasta was toothsome the ricotta creamy and tangy and the parsnips added a special sweetness in the background . the panzella bread salad was equally delicious with the earthy mushrooms being the star.nni certainly plan to return and see what other wonderful creations they will present . i would be happy to sit at the bar order some of the small  enjoy a few  and have someone drive me home . that would be my perfect evening .
__label__neg  they never  my groupon.. they never showed up as  and once i did get through to find out what happened they were not willing to work with me to reschedule a time that worked for me . do not use these people they used one excuse after  to  their issues  about not showing up.nna business that puts themselves before the  is not a  i choose to deal with . i finally filed a complaint with groupon and got my groupon account credited .
__label__neg we went here for dinner on a  evening and were very disappointed . we ordered the teriyaki chicken and chose to  the extra 7.95 to  a single plate  we didnt want leftovers.nfirst we received our soups and salads . the soup was fine typical mushroom soup . the salad was drenched in a very intense and salty dressing . i like a  of dressing but it was so salty i couldnt finish my salad.nthe teriyaki chicken was served with fried rice and steamed veggies . it was all incredibly bland . not what i expected at all . worst japanese food ive ever had and not the cheapest  not  the prices they charge at all .
__label__neg worst  ever i  for an hour and left after 20 minutes . the lady working there was alone and took her   in arranging everything as i was a walk in . she was way too rough and that was only my feet . when i  her it  she laughed and continued to do the same thing . thats when i was like ok ... i got ta go . ill pay you and even give you a few dollars  just so i can leave . just awful im shocked im not bruised up because of her .
__label__pos there is nothing better than this place for  local ingredients delicious tea and coffee fairtrade . oh  . i love their desert crepes their breakfast crepes you can even design your own crepe this place is by  the  deal . nnthey have one sortof rude girl who  there . but that can be easily overlooked . nnafter you place your order and sit down they bring you something small to snack on . one time it was granola the next time it was small scones . the lunch crepe i ordered came with a small salad . the first time we ordered dessert we had the banana and nutella . a good option an standby . the  time we ordered the lemon . wow both are amazing . nnthis is  a great option for lunch . but they get super busy so keep that in mind . indoor seating is limited too .
__label__pos these are great   meat and they have different   week . i  the    frys .
__label__neg i dont even know where to start with this place . i used to love the scottsdale location and when it opened up down in chandler i was more than excited . the service went way downhill when steve left . i continued to go as they really do have great food . on average we would bring in 1020 people . on a weekly basis most of the time . wed have going away parties  parties you name it . nnwhen i  it was getting bad i went in to  up lunch for my team at work . they told me i couldnt get a to go order im sorry what per the  . the server ended up ringing in the order normally so i could get my food . i waited an hour . if it was even the slightest bit busy id understand . trust me it wasnt.n  gave them another chance . after a  ordered something that was nothing like she thought it would be the server said she couldnt take it off . we asked to talk to the owner and the server said are you sure shes in a terrible mood . the owner refused to take it off the bill saying this isnt a tasting menu . that 8 roll was that important compared to our 200 tab . she then proceeded to tell us to fck off.nnfor some asinine reason a year later we return to give it another shot . the server was very nice . towards the end of our stay we saw the owner loudly talking to another customer and pointing at  . we became very uncomfortable so we left . as we were leaving a host came running out . in a very sarcastic and obnoxious tone said have a great nightnnhow this place is still in business is amazing . this is not how you treat paying customers . i know the  has multiple restaurants around the valley . she alone is destroying such an awesome concept . dont be in this business if you hate it .
__label__neg the setting saturday night posthearty meal from hana and ready to catch a show  the street . nnfeeling awesome alive and invincible  taylors 22 ... lets go treat ourselves to dessertnni take my spoon and scoop up the frozen yogurt . nmy face flinches ... something was rotten in the state of denmark . nnit tasted really tart . sour . like crinkle your nose sour . not the regular tart that froyo has and ive had many many yogurts in my day living in  angeles westwood and chicago but the this has gone bad after too many days of nonrefrigeration tart . like  milk tart . nni had my  taste it and they agreed that it was not a normal tartness . nhad to throw the treat away such a shame ... nnbut everything will be alright if we just   like were ... 22
__label__neg this seems like a  in effort from one of my favorite local chefs . my breakfast sandwich was absolutely average and exceptionally messy given the fact that you are likely  to be eating it off your lap . the  was heavy and bland i wound up discarding it.nnnone general complaint about the overall new restaurant plan . i am absolutely a fan of the local restaurants in the airport but as i was in the southwest terminal i couldnt find any reasonably priced dishes . i  that interesting given the  that the southwest  are  ground zero for families and young kids . i feel bad for the mom of 4 who has no option but to spend 15 for some french toast at barrio or  . what happened to the cheaper options
__label__pos our one  stop place in vegas . no  where we stay we have to have a grimaldis pizza . this branch is right between our two favorite hotels so ... scorennperfect thin crust new york pizza . the  staff has always been friendly and  and the  is worth a 3.5 hour drive . get a basic pizza and stop with all the california crap . ranch dressing for a pizza please . good beer  salad   . what more do you need
__label__neg what . the . fck ... nam i losing my mind or has the  world gone mad we  stupid people famous . e.g kim kardashian miley cyrus or whoever the flavor of the week is . stop making stupid people famous and stop over hyping bullsht food this is the furthest thing from good pizza . if this good pizza then im the pope whos having a really and day.nnim going to admit that i am stupid . i keep falling for the hype and im constantly getting punished with bad food.nnive given up on trying to find good pizza in ca . many of my friends said that grimaldis the shiz but its in vegas . you know that saying about whatever happens in vegas this pizza should never leave vegas . grimaldis stay put because your pizza is  . you do not serve nyc style pizza you serve a sub par version of the same thing i can get at a pieology franchise and its waaaaaaay less expensive . pieology also labels their pizza properly . grimaldis you serve neopolitan style and you do it poorly.nnonce the pizza arrived at our table just  at it i was already disappointed . it was burnt not browned . the sauce looked like it just  straight out of a bpa lined can . nnwhen i took my first bite i noticed that it was under seasoned and that blaring red sauce was way too acidic . have these cooks ever heard of using sugar to cut down on the acid  this is amateur sht people this is pizza sauce 101. i made a better pizza with a boboli crust when i was a kid and i didnt even know what the fck i was doing back then.nnalso i have never had a pizza turn my hands black . yes my hands were black . see napkin picturennthis place is a bust . over priced . over hyped . the odds will be against you . the pizza only lives up to the  part of its namesake grim .
__label__neg im so sad because i really like this bar they have cool yummy drinks and its just easy and relaxed . but the service here was annoyingly slow . our waitress was too involved in her coworkers to pay any mind to her customers . we finished our first drinks the  walked by us a dozen times totally ignoring our empty  . finally makes eye contact with me oh u ready no shit sherlock . finally got our second round again the drinks r delish but by this time i was too annoyed to enjoy it . then she finally sees were  again we ask for our bill and wait another 1015 mins . im pissed now so i got up and asked her about it  it takes the bartender 20  to discount a bill with a coupon the hotel gave me wtf after 4 miserable days in vegas of nothing going  all i wanted was to enjoy my  spot and home girl  it
__label__pos i have found my new perfect work spot weird you say because this is a market but its not just a market but a cafe as well they have a full coffee bar that reminds me of 21st street coffee down the street . they are as well serious about their coffeennyou can take a seat at many of the tables and enjoy a warm  of chai in my case at least or grab lunch from their fresh and seasonal menu . ive had a delicious pear salad with candied walnuts and goat cheese . it was on the small side so id encourage you to grab a soup to go along with it . nnyou will probably notice the prices are not cheap . but that sort of thing comes with the territory of carrying  and fresh produce . im really into all the varieties of products ive never seen before . better yet they look so good i usually have to buy them good job on their  . ive found they have an awesome  of lara  and this certain grapefruit juice that isnt that sugary sweet crap you get from minute maid.nnive still got a lot of ground to cover with ordering fresh meats and cheeses from their  counter . but i dont doubt ill get to that ... after all this is my new  .
__label__neg i met the owner gary when i showed up for my initial appt with sam . sam didnt bother calling me to tell me that she wasnt going to show up after i drove 40min to  there . i was furious . gary was  professional and helpful and apologized for sams  of basic professionalism . nafter rescheduling the appt with  against my better judgement she cancelled on me again only because i reached out to her first the day of to  . i can not understand how you  a business this way . perhaps shes a good stylist but i can not continue to waste my time with someone who doesnt respect my time . nngary seems like a very good guy i hope for the sake of his salon that he only contracts with legitimate professional stylists because ultimately its his salon that suffers .
__label__neg please do not use this company . once they have your credit card and deposit they will ignore you and not return your call . i left over 10 messages and emails because they were late to pick up my car 1 week . i had to  storage fees of over 200. maria the owner answers the phone and pretends she is not maria . several times she did this and did not forward my messages . after calling maria with a blocked caller id she  up the phone and  dumb about being late . when you confront her she will curse and  crazy . she is the   i have dealt with and not very stable . if you  to save yourself time the  and stress please use a different company .
__label__pos  italian ice memoriesnni lived in the dmv   virginia for a couple of years and you could tell when winter was officially over when the local ritas italian ice would post their reopening date . and every summer  there would long lines to their  windows . nnback east ritas would shut down for the  . in hendertucky theyre open all year long . no excuses not to visit with our mild  .
__label__pos     in terminal    near gate b9 i have had the napa salad for lunch and the breakfast burrito for breakfast here and both were excellent . they also make great cappucinos . most of the restaurants in this  all had salads premade in plastic boxes that looked identical . press coffee made the salad fresh and it was outstanding . furthermore the staff was friendly and helpful which was the reason i first ate there after waiting a long time at the place next door for a cashier that did not appear happy to be at her post .
__label__pos  mikes is pretty standard .   with the quality of my sandwiches . only  is that both employees were in the back when i entered so i had to holler for them to come out and when they did while friendly the service  was  . at 7pm they had a hearty line 34 people deep and both of them were working on my order for two sandwiches . i  when the people in line behind me got out ... .
__label__pos love this place my little chi moe has been going there for the past  or so and its been wonderful . i love that when i call to schedule him for day camp or boarding they immediately  which dog he is and express their excitement that hell be coming . moe has some attachment issues and likes to be near people constantly and theyre fine with that . in fact they even seem to love it  than being annoyed by it . i love that they do the initial temperament test to make sure hell do well there and that they have webcams running 247 that i can view on my phone . the fact that he can run free and  or climb in a lap all day is great i also really like that hes with dogs of all sizes and not separated into groups  on size like so many other facilities . the  cards that are sent promptly at the  of each day and the pics on facebook are all extra perks offered at villa la paws that  the experience of trusting them with your dog even easier .
__label__neg do not go here . i took my vehicle to have the transmission rebuilt by this shop due to a noise that sounded much like a card in the spokes of a bicycle . it was rebuilt for the cost of 1500 and i was given a 12 month 12000 mi warranty . within this warranty period i returned to the shop due to the same noise occurring . i was told there was nothing wrong with the transmission and that if it went out it would be fixed free of charge because they were  it had no problem . now i believe they were just buying time until the warranty expired because after the warranty expired overdrive went out in the car . this was worse than when i had first taken the car to be repaired at time of  repair transmission functioned fine just  noise . i  car to another shop after this one refused to fix it for free or for a reduced cost . the second shop said a bearing had gone out likely because it was packed too tight by this  2b transmission . 2b did a poor job  the transmission if they even rebuilt it . they then turned me  when i returned within the warranty period with the same  causing the transmission to fail . they even refused to answer my lawyer . unprofessional and unreliable .
__label__pos this little shop is located on the ne corner of sunset and marks . its in the home depot center across fro best buy.nnthe seem to do a  of alterations here of all kinds . they have multiple tables and sewing machine equipment around and ive seen a seamstress there both times.nni brought in like  shirts and 5 pairs of  . plus had them do a couple alterations.nni knew but wanted to see which she recommended launder or  clean . for the most part all good for my liking.nnthey use a very similar software to a couple other cleaners so i  if theyre associated with the others . but its nice to use phone number not worry about having to keep track of the stupid tickets . i always throw them away just a principle  cuz the will find your stuff.nnprices are posted clearly and all their policies and blah blah blah . but girl there took it all in everything is pre pay and pretty cheap . i was  . nnso i picked up saturday a delivery truck was there bringing in the clothes . mine were in there . so they dont do the cleaning there and maybe its at one of the others i go ton hmm theyre gon na know i trying out some strange this week . my  over there is gon na be maddddddnnok so i havent got my alterations back yet but ill keep you posted . but i like it so far .
__label__pos not long  i had become so  that it seemed as though my body just wasnt working any more . the most  was being  all of the time and the digestive trouble i had developed . i knew i needed help and after being disappointed by traditional medicine for so many years i sought out the help of a naturopathicholistic doctor . i was very lucky to find dr. dooley at the  of living center and couldnt have asked for a better experience.nnthe first thing i noticed about dr. dooley was her kind and caring approach to patient care and that she actually listens . i received from her a thoughtful personalized plan for healing that addressed all of my concerns and outlined the steps to get to the root causes of my problems . i have been working with dr. dooley for nearly six months now and in that short time she has helped me to naturally  digestive distress  liver function and restore hormonal balance to name just a few . friends and family have noticed the changes in me saying that i look younger and seem more alive and happy . i can honestly say that i feel like a new person and am so grateful to dr. dooley for helping me to  .
__label__pos   and    and they  a   .
__label__neg awful awful just plain  we were  a much better experience since every other  we have been to that was featured on diners driveins and dives has been amazing . i ordered the breakfast tacos because a good breakfast taco is a marvelous  ... not this time my plate showed up with two flour tortillas fresh out of the package with about a 6 egg scramble dumped on top i have never seen so much egg in one order before no cilantro chorizo or anything of  or color.. very disappointing . my husband got the haluski and it was the featured dish . it was better than my tacos but nothing to  us back . this diner needs to spend some time and money on improving the food and less on stamping as seen on ddd on all the  china napkins and walls
__label__pos heres the deal . the food sounds  but it really isnt and normally that would doom a place to me . but ... i keep coming  . why because i dont come here to eat  food . i come here to hang out in a casually stylish environment with good music and truly  coffee in a dedicated   . vvm definitely owns its  of the restaurant  by sticking to a simple and stylish formula .
__label__pos my nail lady was  nice and did a good job . the only thing i noticed that i feel like i paid a lot for just a simple manicurepedicure . as a  native im accustomed to the difference in prices comparing good work to amazing work . ive had amazing work done in  for prices a  lower . im still  to the area so im trying to find that bingo nail  ... .however t2 did a good job ... i guess im just picky but overall a  job .
__label__pos burritos m4 i think an  is a machine gun in modern warfare 2 which is appropriate because these things are killer for  coma enthusiasts i would recommend getting the chicken or beef or pork or any of them with guacamole . i had the chicken with black beans and rice . you get 2 toppings of some  fresh salsas like corn tomato verde and mango guac will run you an extra 1.25 but fully worth it . then they they   cream and some white cheese to finish it off i shit you not the thing was like  inches in diameter wrapped in foil and ready scarffing . you can get some mini hot sauces added as well and they have their own brew and a martguerita machine . my burrito was 10 with a drink of water since there was enough calories and goodness there already . you start off eating like a burrito but you need a fork and knife about half way deep . the sucker is huge and i am tellin no lies . all in all a great burrito great price and made fresh in front of your  
__label__neg    better.nvery priceynwrapping technique  improvement
__label__neg didnt wan na drive to far so just decided to checkout this place on a  night . they had the latinmariachi thing going on and another room was hiphop .  just say that this place has some good music but the service is horrible and 80 of the people didnt  english . on  is mostly for hispanic crowd and they definitely  how to make you feel unwelcome if you are not hispanic . the waiters literally ignored me for 40 mins while waiting for a drink and gladly served other hispanic customers that came  after me to buy drinks while standing next to me . i had to give a customer money to buy a drink for me at the same bar .  worst is the water down the drinks ... and to get the best of of it you will have to buy either a shot or a  . and not to mention the amount of policesecurity outside waiting for something to happen . you feel like you are visiting a military zone . if you are not hispanic and dont like to be mean mugged a lot then this is not a place to go.nni also livenighted my experience there
__label__neg this place is horrible in every sense of the word . the mechanic that did my oil change ... i believe his name was vega is rude and not very good at listening . he came out to explain to me what he needed to do since my  engine light was on . he only told me that my oil was 2000  over the recommended 3000 mile limit and that the transmission  was black and should be  . well he failed to mention that since my car was older and hadnt had regular transmission flushes that it isnt necessarily a good idea to flush it . but because he wanted to jack up my cost and also get his own money he made it sound like it needed to be done . shame on me for not doing my research before i let him  the transmission . following these services my car began to stall upon coming to a complete stop . at first i was furious because i thought that these mechanics had messed up my  completely . well it was not anything that was directly related to what they did  it was due to a large leak in one of my vacuum  that they completely missed . unless someone physically forces you to go to this place you should avoid it like the plague .
__label__neg this is no longer francis and sons car wash. i walked into this place and  to  my groupon and the cashier  me it is no longer francis and sons anymore . i had to pay   for my  wash. it would have been  for them to post new management signs outside so a customer can know what to  .
__label__neg we purchased a legacy pest control deal through living social . per instruction on the voucher i went on their website to schedule an appointment by entering my  information and my address . a few days late i received a call from a man named phil and he said hes calling to schedule an appointment i said that ill call him back because i may have to go to a jury duty in the next few days which means i wont be at home to receive his pest control services . last night i found out that im excused from the jury duty so i called him around 500ish and asked him if its possible to come the next morning he answered and he said that he didnt have his schedules with him but hes d call me back in an hour and let me know . i waited but didnt heard back . i thought hes busy and forgot plus its after 500  . so no big deal this morning around 1030ish i called and asked him again if he found out about his todays schedule he said hes surprised that no one got back with me last night i didnt know who else hes talking about he said that he can come this afternoon but he has to charge me extra because he just received an email this morning from living social that the email told him to charge me a trip fee because my house is outside the distance limit the limit is 25 miles but my house is 32 miles away . i was surprised that living social would send him an email and told him to charge me ... so i said please give me your address and ill google the distance . he gave me 4858 e baseline rd mesa 85206 i typed that and my address in google 24.9 miles came back as the distance i was excited to tell him that my house is within the 25 miles limit his  is living social used my other address to calculate the distance and they told me youre 32 miles away and i have to charge you an extra fee and there is no need to debate with me and im only the messenger then i tried to reason with him further and asked him what other address he had with living social he said living social could have a thousand address there and how would i know which one . i said that living social only has the address you gave them so what is the address that you gave living social his answer is i cant tell you that . then he said you like to debate with me and you are a manipulator . i hung up and called living social . the representative in living social gave me the full refund and  me that we do not tell the customer what to charge you for what distance ... it was a horrific experience with legacy pest control . ive bought a lot of deals through living social over the years but not once have i had the   today im a cpa a professional . no one ever treated me the way this man did this morning im sharing this with you so that you dont have to go through what i went through .
__label__pos this ewc is very sanitary and professional . ive had several appointments and they were only late once because they were shortstaffed otherwise they are out within a couple minutes of my appointment.nnive found theres one esthetician who does a really good job and thats chanice . ive tried  other estheticians there and they were okay but their technique was lacking . chanice has excellent technique however and she makes my waxes very painless yet  and worth the amount they charge.nnthey do try to upsell you with products and  but theyve always been respectful of my first no and dont press me further . i dont  that they try to sell their products because after all they are running a business . ive actually tried their  hair serum and exfoliate and theyre pretty nice but the exfoliate is overpriced for the amount you get.nntheir services are moderate to slightly expensive but you  what you pay for . when i lived outside of vegas i managed to find some good estheticians who charged much less than ewc but that was luck plus they were often late or inconsistent . so i am happy to pay a little more for  . dont forget to tip
__label__neg that   when       about a store and then direct traffic to their own store ... .
__label__pos fate is the best small brewery and restaurant in the phoenix area it is not even close . their beers are always flavorful and delicious . there are usually at least 6 of their own beers and a few  selections to choose from . always something for everyone . the  is also excellent . they could offer sharper knives for cutting the pizza . that would be my only suggestion . they have indoor and  seating with a great concrete bar and 2 tvs with the sound off . a garage door joins the inside and outside areas together . my favorite  selections are the irish red and the american pale ale . both are excellent .  anything with hatch chilis is  good as well.nnfausto is a great server . if you are lucky enough to get him you will be well taken care of.nni have been to many other craft breweries in  and none are as good as fate .
__label__neg ive  here a few  now and the foods is good but very spicy . this time i decided its too spicy to really enjoy . also the service wasnt that great this time . we had a party of  and sat in the front bar area by the window . i had to ask for drinks water and to place our order . finally another server came so the service improved 12 way through . one of the couples had never been she  the shrimp dish with  and cheese . its a 15 dollar dish and only got 4 shrimp . and she didnt care much for it . nbut the highlight was a cockroach running around under our table . i had to go get staff to take care of that.ni realize most restaurants have them ya just dont see them . but that kinda ruined it for me along with the spiciness.none more thing the music was high energy like dance club and loud . and it was early about 530 on a saturday .
__label__pos       and   macarons for a baby shower and they were phenomenal peridot customized the color for us and they tasted as good as they looked.nnalso got some of their caramelshortbread and caramelmarshmallow gemmes and they were delicious as well . nnwhen i picked up my order they had a few bacon cupcakes left so i got one for my husband who loves anyeverything bacon . he said it was the best bacon cupcake hes ever hadnntiffany was great to work with . highly recommend for special events or just when youre craving something sweet
__label__pos great      to  .   to check yelp for the free appetizer .
__label__neg i usually love boardhouse and i loved it when it was next to unlv . this new location is awful there was no where for us to sit so we were told we could sit at some  machines . my sandwich was pretty disgusting compared to the other locations and the   just sucked . nni also caught one of the employees making fun of me and called him out . he just started laughing . nnill  to the   off lake mead and boulder  when im out in the area .
__label__pos i love this restaurant just wondering if my connections in charlotte will allow myself sometime to eat here breakfast lunch or dinner great wine and great price charming decoration and perfect  . what else  you expect in a  ah   in  my faves croissant with omelet for the morning ceviche and the  fondue for lunch and dinner . awesome 
__label__neg dr.adams is   of office   . long wait time violations of    
__label__pos just had brunch here with the family and we all loved it . the food was very good the ambience was very nice and the servers were very friendly . the owner who was celebrating his birthday even came out of the  to ask  how everything was . when we walked in we were told it would be a  of a wait but the delicious cup of coffee  out so quickly that we hardly noticed that our  took at little while . it was actually well worth the wait for three delicious home cooked  the sides were ample and we left more than satisfied with the  experience . we are already planning  stop in on our next trip to the city .
__label__neg  rude tellersnni    while my friend and her kid while they made a car payment . i had to deposit a check from one of my tenants anyhow so it worked for me.nnthey went through the drive through initially but just as my friend pulled up and started talking to the teller her two year old started screaming . not exactly able to balance quieting the kid with filling out the deposit form and talking to the teller she ended up pulling around to the front to go inside.nnthe kid is consoled but what do we hear when walking inside the drive through teller is talking smack about my friend to one of the other workers . something about how it was so  for her to pull away before finishing the transaction . excuse us for having a kid with us who cant time her outbursts more conveniently.nnthats awkward ... .nnand its all completely out of line . seriously customer service 101 dont put down your customers when theres a nonzero chance that they could be standing right behind you.nntwo stars for this location . i love uwcu and ive had other better experiences here in the past but that comment in a semipublic area is really poor customer service and is pretty inexcusable .
__label__neg i was excited about this theater opening and was hoping it would live up to my expectations . ive  several times the first time was when they first opened . had some drinks at the bar before we went in ordered food once we sat down . the  was pretty good but cold as was the food my friend ordered . service was horrible as well . a few months later i thought i would  it another shot maybe things had improved ... .nope same cold food and annoying server that kept interrupting the movie to pick up the check before i was done eating i had to tell him to leave me  it was so bad . the sound  is also majorly lacking in this  . sadly the nicest part of this venue is the bathroom . really  lol anyway recently tried studio movie grill in the epicenter and was top notch compared and  it or not cheaper .
__label__neg    has  to     and has really gone downhill . they changed their house made turkey sausage for the worse tastes overcooked old frozen the last 3 times i have been in so it has not been a 1 time thing . last few times have been disappointing which is a shame as this was once a great breakfast place . with so many other good options close by i do not believe we will be making another return visit
__label__neg i gave this place a try twice with a coworker before leaving this review . we were seated right away both times yay but waited at least 1015 minutes before the server acknowledge our presence . the place isnt big at all so even if youre  you can at least say  to your tablennthe first time i ordered the  cheese sandwich with potato salad . the sandwich is ginormous and 90 bread and 10 cheese . while the cheese was yummy you could barely taste it with all that frikkin bread . should be more  in my opinion . shrug . but to each his own . and the server gave me   of potato salad . when i asked her to bring me the salad she seemed perturbed . geez it was your mistake not mine.nnthe second time we waited 15 minutes to order very frustrating . especially when you only have an hour for lunch . i ordered the two eggs over easy with chive potatoes and bacon . for 11 i expected something goooood . wrong . my eggs arrived well over medium no gooey yolk to dip my bacon in booooo . the potatoes were overcooked and maybe four bites worth and the bacon way too crispy . guess the cook forgot about my breakfast and just let it sit there overdone . nnwhen i asked for jam for my toast again the  seemed hassled by my request . is it just me do i have a booger on my  i didnt ask for new eggs because i dont like to complain nor do i risk saliva or snot in my food . very disappointed at both of my visits.nnthis place has let me down twice in guest experience and food . i will never go again . overrated .
__label__pos very  but    here ..love the shrimp n grits  and dblt  . quaint   downtown and always busy ..good sign .
__label__pos i  this  on yelp and  to try it based on the reviews . i took my boyfriend and a couple of  for breakfast . amazing service amazing food i got the truffled egg sandwich without the bread and my boyfriend got the shrimp and grits . both dishes were mind blowing . nnthis is in a not so nice area of downtown and is a  little gem . im hoping to go  tomorrow for breakfast before we fly home . their lunch menu   too nna couple of tips they dont split checks when theyre busy and they only seat complete parties .
__label__pos this is a favorite  break spot for my coworkers and i because the menu is so diverse . you can get greek italian traditional american and just plain ol breakfast foods all at the same place . how do i know this already strangely they have another location on  and greenway while this diner ii is a 5 minute  away at litchfield and waddell nnthe staff is so friendly here its like being greeted on the show cheers whenever we come in . they know that i always order greek chicken kabobs with a side order of the chicken lemon rice soup . if you are ever ill or someone you love is ill get a bowl of their chicken lemon rice soup and trust me youll feel better its seriously must be what the  soup for the soul book must be based on well aside from the typical aw  good stories.nnthe gyros are ginormous i just  that the feta cheese on the side wasnt  because gyros dont seem to be gyros without the cheese nnmy friend kerry m.  the fact that breakfast is served all day . shes had the biscuits and gravy dish and the hash browns which she said were deliciousnni will continue to go to nicks diner i and ii because i enjoy their food their company and i love to support local restaurants . there are no bells and whistles like swanky walls or posh decor in fact this location is super green ... not kidding ... walls booths tables ... this place is all about just comfort food for laid back people .
__label__neg never again.nnmy husband and i ate here on july 13th . we were seated outside under a  that was more like london drizzle than mist . i ended up soaking wet from the back of my legs to the top of my shirt.nnnext the food . i the pretzel roll fondue was the  and that isnt saying much . the rolls tasted like store bought but the fondue was good . thus the one star.nni had the fried chicken . it came out greasy with a  that tasted more like lard and a dash of honey than anything else . the gravy was not good either . i ate less than half of the chicken.nnmy husband had the jambalaya . it was basically a bowl of rice . we were warned it was spicy but that was not the case . the sausage was  and he had only two shrimp both of which were mealy and the size of a quarter . ive had better quality cocktail shrimp at dupars downtown . not worth the price.nni woke up later that night with a racing heart nausea and clammy skin . i ended up  and for the better part of the next day all i  was the grease from that chicken . nnas locals we are always looking for a new fun  to eat . this aint it .
__label__pos  downtown      and scrumptious   .
__label__pos ive only been here via the awesome yelp event so i havent had the experience of the long line ... which makes me think that i wont be coming back until the crowd dies down a little within 6 months or so . my first critique would be that the buffet is placed quite awkwardly the lines are definitely causing traffic for people passing by.nnsecond would be the asian food . the chinese bbq pork though the cuts were  was missing some authentic flavor . all i could taste was honey . their dimsum was good except that since theyve been out for quite some time they dried up a little bit . the positive thing though is that their pad thai tasted great . i know some buffets have attempted featuring this dish and failed miserably . bacchanal however did good on this one it had the right spice  and wasnt mushy in texture . their sushi was okay . definitely better than other strip buffets that offers them yes but not much variety either . then again bacchanal is not strictly sushi so its understandable . ive seen some curry somewhere and wanted to try them but couldnt find a bigger bowl . have to remind myself to try them next time . nni enjoyed the american dishes like scalloped potatoes prime rib calamari sweet potato truffle fries was the best sweet potato fries ive ever tasted pasta glazed veggies etc . i would say that their mini burger sliders was uhmaaayzing it was  medium rare a little salty with melted cheese on top and buttery buns to tie it all off . their pasta was aldente and rightfully sauced i hate oversauced pasta but not dry either . they had flavor not bland at all . scalloped potatoes were a little too salty for me . i think it was the breadcrumbs but i just brushed them aside and tasted the potatoes . i love me some potatoes . their meat selection was all juicy melty goodness but i only had room for the prime rib . it was too rare for my taste but the part that i did end up eating was delicious . nni didnt get the chance to try their seafood since i eat seafood almost on a daily basis so yeah ... skipped those for now . i do plan on trying them on my next visit . nndessert ... there are too many good words to say about dessert . since they have a crepe station i definitely had to try it . i got one with strawberries real whipped cream and nutella sauce yum i wished theyd put the toppings inside instead of on top but thats just a personal preference . they had so much dessert selection that i was going dizzy or maybe that was the  . i ended up trying their aztec chocolate gelato chocolate praline cake chocolate creme brulee and various macarons . the gelato was quite interesting . im not a big cinnamon fan at all but i  that aztec choco like it was the end of the world . it wasnt overly sweet with a hint of  kick . loves it chocolate praline cake was so heavenly i almost cried . if i had an extra  i would definitely grab some more . choco creme brulee was soso . maybe i should have tried the vanilla one instead . to me the highlight was the french macarons . i grabbed one for each flavor . my favorite was the rose flavored one and green tea flavored macarons . nnive never been so impressed over a buffet before . ive been to quite a number already and honestly it all seems redundant . im glad that caesars palace  to open one that has more to offer than the usual .
__label__pos  tried most of the buffet in town but i could  this is the best buffet i ever been too . a lot of selections of food and most of all are live action stations . i  my family here  time and they  it looking  to eat here again and i wont  tired going here . pricey but all worth it ... . i definitely suggest this buffet if your  vegas or you live in town..
__label__neg simply put . this is probably the most impressive buffet i have ever been to . nscroll to bottom if you would like to to see why this 5 star buffet is only 2 starsnni know vegas is known for their buffets and this is the only one ive been to there so im not sure how it stacks up to the others but all i can say is wow.nnyes it was big . huge . over the top . nnto me the best feature of this buffet is the presentationdelivery . most the food comes in separate dishes . like for example if you want a piece of lasagna you dont scoop it out of a trough ... . there is a little cast iron skillet with an individual serving you grab.nnwhats that you want calamari there is a cute little fry basket with calamari in it just for you.nnsure there were some items that still were served trough style but there were a lot of individualized portions of food that really escalated their buffet game . it ensured you got the food the way it was intended to be served . for example if they were serving something with cheese on top ... .. if served trough style some cheese loving behemoth could come through and steal all the cheese off the top and take little of the rest ... leaving everyone else getting the entree with no cheese on top . with these little  and baskets and bowls for each person you can ensure you are getting the food it was meant to be served.nnso why 5 stars here are my reasons.nsushi was not good . at all . in fact none of the asian food i had was very good.ncrab legs were served cold on ice ... unless you request them to get heated up . i asked the crab chef if i could have hot legs and he said he just put some on top of the ice so they would be hot ... .. guess what they were cold . and the lines are so long its not like i could just get right back in there and request hot ones again . this pissed me off.nthey didnt have prime rib or any high quality beef steaks for that matter . the meat  said they were out.. not sure if they ran out or dont normally have it ... but he said were out of that tonightnlamb was underseasoned and overcooked . im talking well done.nplates  pile up and nobody was clearing them . both the gf and i as well as another table were stacking plates on an adjacent table because there wasnt anyone clearing our table until just before we left . we did get water refills though ironically.nthey want you to put in a tip before the  . what maybe thats why our plates didnt get cleared . i guess the wait staff figures their tips are already in the bag.nlong wait to get in ... but for an extra  you can get in a vip line . what a crock of shit want an easy way to find out whose shit doesnt stink in vegas go stand outside the bacchannal and see who is standing in the express line . we had this group of asshats in front of use whose noses were so high in the air they were breathing a different kind of oxygen . the whole time we were standing in line they were bitching uncontrollably about the line and how they were going to take care of it like rotten children . so ... after literally like 1520 minutes of listening to how much better they were than the commoners in the regular line their dumbasses  figured out how to upgrade to the express line . thank god . i guess maybe it does serve a purpose after all . my magic moment is when we waited in the regular line like everyone else and ended up getting seated less than 5 minutes after team asshat.nnwith all that being said it was  an impressive buffet to see once ... flashy but i wouldnt go again . id rather take my  and put it towards a nice dinner with higher attention to quality and detail .
__label__neg this  is based mostly on the price vs other vegas buffets . bacchanal charges a lot more than any of the other buffets in vegas . i went for a weekday lunch and the price was 33 ouch this is compared to 25 at the wynn . i really like the wynn a lot so i was expecting a lot more at this place . unfortunately nothing excited me at this buffet . maybe it was just a bad day for them but pretty much everything was  that  . a lot of the food did not get refilled in a timely manner and a lot of the signs were not in front of the food so you did not know what some things were.nnin terms of the food i guess i got used to the wynn wicked spoon and the bellagio . most of the food here was cheapie food not that there is anything  with that as i love cheapie food . its just when i go to one of these buffets i expect to try high end dishes i do not usually eat on a regular basis . they had  tacos bbq meats chinese food and noodles  pho udon and ramen . i would much rather get these  of foods in hole in the wall restaurants and they are much better at those places . the food  was ok but if you are going to charge the highest price for a buffet on the strip i think the food should be much better than just ok .
__label__pos  of all im nothing if not cheap so i sympathize with those reviewers who balk at spending 50 to go to a freakin buffetnn . after all this is las vegas birthplace of the incredibly cheap chow line subsidized by gaming revenues and scoffing at the prospect of making money from the lowly food and beverage department . i get it . so i highly recommend the practice of not eating during the day easy if you sleep late and arriving in line on a weekday just before 3 p.m. that way your wait in line will be practically nonexistent you will pay the lunch price closer to 30 and they start trotting out the higherend dinner items im talking heated crab legs and lollipop rib eyes almost immediately.nn now imagine that you and a companion went for dinner in a regular restaurant were served a basket of artisan  with an assortment of  and homemade jams then you had a fried  appetizer lobster corn chowder caesar salad prime rib and crab leg combo with broccoli au gratin and whipped potatoes and creme caramel for dessert . nnyour date had the oyster shooter cream of mushroom soup heirloom tomato caprese salad sautu00e9ed halibut with haricots vert and scalloped truffled potatoes and a nutella crepe with bananas and whipped cream . assuming you didnt have to be wheeled out would you squawk if you were presented a bill for a little over 60 i think not . of course you have to factor in the major inconvenience of walking 10 feet to get it yourself but that horrific downside is somewhat modified by the fact that while youre up there anyway you can help yourself to more asian italian mexican seafood dessert etc . options than even the fattest of fatties could ever hope to sample in a week let alone a couple of hours in other words until youre full to the point of physical distress.nn and heres the thing you may not like every single thing you choose some things may not be prepared exactly to your liking . dont eat it its a buffet trot yourself up and pick out 15 more things until you  across stuff that meets your standards . make yourself happy this place is great and  5 stars just for the fact that they have some poor ocd guy back in the kitchen cutting up watermelon and feta cheese and assembling them into those little checkerboard squares.nn.and we have had nothing but good experiences with the servers especially the meat cutter who  like theyre actually glad youre there . i hate to say it but its possible that if you dont like this place maybe you dont really like food
__label__pos absolute best buffet i have ever been to . rated number 1 for a reason . i went here with my parents on friday night around 7 pm and we only had to wait in line 15 minutes . yes its a very pricey buffet but everything in vegas is expensive . a bottle of water can be 3 there ive been to many buffets in vegas and they dont come close to this one . plus im a very  eater  but there was so much food that i loved . they have brisket prime rib sushi fried rice  legs shrimp baked potatoes lots of bread deli meats and cheeses made to order tacos mexican rice salad bar grilled veggies and so much more the dessert selection is just beyond amazing . ive  seen so much  in my life . i wish i couldve tried it all . i did try the coconut macaroon ice cream cheesecake and  covered strawberries . all very delicious but i must say the strawberries were my  . ngo to this buffet its worth  penny
__label__pos i heard from family friends that this buffet is the best in vegas . the setting was nice with the seafood and dessert station in the front . the buffet is in a  zag form starting from the seafood to mexican italian and lastly asian  . the waitress was very kind and  on us for refills . i love their peach iced tea the best time to come here is for lunch i think its 37 bucks . was it  it hell yeah . my top 3 items would be the bonein ribeye wagyu slider shrimp dim sum . i wouldnt say i would come here  but if you win 40  in the casino then definitely  yourself with the bacchanal buffet . nnoh btw i love their desserts crepes made to order  pops and pandan tiramisu ... .need i say more..
__label__neg please do not go here . 116 waste of money . go to wicked spoon or wynn or literally any other buffet in town and you will enjoy yourself a lot more . nni love a good buffet and for my girlfriends birthday dinner i was so excited to take her to the best bacchanal . but we were amazingly  . heed these bad reviews we arent lying . the food was terrible the lines were worse . when my waiter  around and asked how our meal was i said it was terrible and when i glanced over my shoulder to him i saw he had already moved on and wasnt listening at all . i emailed  and told them my entire story and 3  later received a copypaste impersonal response that said thanks for making us aware of that issue.nncaesars doesnt care if you come or not . they are too big too care as evidenced by the absurd  price  and the 2000 reviews . i care a lot more about you enjoying your meal than they do . they messed up my girls bday dinner and didnt  care . jerks .
__label__pos my first experience with  and i am so in love ... never knew i could be swayed from my  earthfare but this place is mega and i just couldnt believe how much cheaper my  products were compared to  . the food was amazing the fresh juices were amazing and the  were amazing they have a wine  and they carry products of local businesses have a play area for kids and  areas to lounge around and valet  ... ... .whats not to love
__label__pos so  in   .  store    prepared foods.i wish more produce was local . regarding desserts little cupcakes and tarts are excellent . you can really taste the lemon and lime ... but apple pie and hazelnut theatre cakes just tasted sweet.. too much sugar not enough other flavor . same with gelatos and even generic cereals . nnso glad we have this mainly wonderful  .
__label__pos  pizza and salad . we visited from san antonio tx and my inlaws recommended buon gusto . all 7 of us went   and  kids and the  all said it was the best pizza they have  had . it was very  pizza . service was great . all fresh organic and the right  .
__label__neg decided to give this place a  after receiving numerous door hangers and handbills ... ..nnthe place is designed a bit on the odd side but has plenty of open seating as well as a few booths . the menu is large with a great  of variety perhaps too much..nnwalked in at 12noon on a thursday very quiet i was the only one there .  to give their famous pizza a try and ordered two slices of pepperoni with a large coke only 5.99. the pizza is anything but amazing lacked any real flavor and had the texture of something that had been reheated from the day before . so  to say avoid the pizza as there are better pizzerias in the area . nnstaff appear to be nice but not sure i would have the sign flippers  through during business hours.nnjudging by the revues regarding their  here on yelp i may give that a try next but again there are plenty of burger joints around here already .
__label__pos food is good . service is slow . large salads and sandwiches with plentiful sides . burger was cook ed as ordered . their special  is   . peppery spicy alone but on the  is fantastic . cuban sandwich is large and filling and  .  ala mode is enough for two maybe  . order dessert only if you are not pressed for time . took over 30 min to get dessert menu order and  eating . it will take 1 hour for entree and another for dessert . hard to get into a lunch hour .
__label__pos i havent had a moment to pamper myself in awhile ... when i did this time i wanted to  close to home and get a pedicure . i walked in here and was the only customer they had . i was  warmly and noted it was clean and comfortably appointed without being overbearing . the pedicure i got was one of the best ive had and the  since ive had in vegas i mentioned i dont wear acrylics anymore and wondered about the new gels  option . i was told its called gelish and provided a cost for the pedicure manicure and including gelish ... all total it was about 12 more than i normally paid for a  im in one attendant on my feet another on my hands and i was out of there in about an  . nice they charge you 5 processing fee if you use your card but i didnt  because my feet felt fantastic and my hands look nice too . the gelish seems to be a nail hardener  of deal that is still somewhat flexible but not as extreme as acrylic and not nearly as painful either . id give them 5 stars but i want to withhold judgement until i see if their claim of not needing another gelish manicure for 3 weeks holds up
__label__pos in a city full of great coffee places and pastries cafu00e9 st. henri is quite deserving of  rave review . despite our group  the small staff  was aokay . all our coffee drinks came with a palate  shot of sparkling water  idea . my very pretty latte was  of the best tasting ive ever had ... .and ive had many . and the  muffins were amazing fluffy and chock full of actual fruit . can you  some to me please
__label__pos what a great  ive  wanted a tattoo and i was referred to michelle the owner through a trusted friend with quite a bit of inknnher skills are phenomenal and her art is just wonderful . that tattoo that i got was just perfect and i spent  a bit of time  just marveling at how great it is i couldnt be happier with my result . she has a deft hand and the pain that i  with my  tattoo was really nothing to be worried about.nnshes very accepting and  as well tries to foster an environment of love and tolerance in her business . lgbtq folks are definitely welcome as i am trans myself .
__label__neg it was worth it for the groupon i guess but i wont be  back . the place is small the  was horrific and the food was assembly lined  and wasnt even piping hot even tho it took forever to come out the ingredients were minimal even tho they charged  for each add on and the  wasnt anything impressive the place up on  springs is a 5   compared to this place .
__label__pos jy   bu00e9nu00e9dictines  gravlax de saumon .  le reste  aussi  du00e9tour
__label__pos great cute cafe style restaurant . the food is fresh and  on site .   and prices . we especially enjoy the mexican style  dishes pancakes and hawaiian french toast . this  is   and operated . the staff is  friendly and courteous .
__label__neg i would just like to preface this by saying that i have worked in the restaurantfood industry for the last 15 years . jimmy johns sandwiches are ok nothing stupendous . their sign says free smells but all i can smell are cleaning products . every time i have been in this  approximately 3 times i have a friend who swears by the place there are way more employees than customers . they clean nonstop which isnt a bad thing in terms of it being a very clean place . however they are always noisily  out tables and chairs standing on chairs cleaning lamps and other incredibly distracting things . if i am trying to talk to someone and eat it is hard to do when all i hear are the 15 employees talking and tables scraping across the floor .  most of the employees that work the registers are not very genuinely  . it seems like a forced effort as though talking to you is the last thing they  to be doing . well see how long they  in  but if they dont change some things i cant imagine it will be long .
__label__pos what an awesome experience we booked last minute via email  quickly replied that they didnt have any spots the next  but invited us to come that night and fly at a discount as  . it couldnt have worked out  there were only a total of 5 of us at the friday night 6pm class so we got in lots of turns . their facility was in a residential neighborhood but the entrance was clearly marked so it was easy to find and only a 10 minute cab ride from the mandalay  . nn it was my third time on the flying trapeze and my friends first . she was really scared and stephan and his team were very sensitive to her and by the end of the class she got to her knee hang with hands off keith matt and stephan were fantastic teachers and with their help i was able to get my set split complete with a catch see pictures the  ran 90 minutes and at the end we were lucky enough to fly with a beautiful sunset over the mountains as our backdrop . we had such a fantastic time we recommended this place to everyone we talked to for the rest of our trip it will definitely be  on my next trip to vegas
__label__pos  collection of midcentury  furnishings at  prices on main street in the arts  of las vegas .  staff and  who provides where available provenance of items .
__label__neg  our  years  with central  . the service was the  we have had in years  not only rude not  about what was on the menu.nwill never  back or to any other concept by this company .
__label__pos  to get my shattered glass fixed on my  note 3. only    as  . my  is  new again
__label__pos the   masala is a great favorite . my two  ages  and 7 eat it like its ice cream . nthe restaurant was hopping ... a   indian  on the west  .
__label__neg the bouncers are awful i was kicked out and  at by one of the bouncers for talking smack and being a white girl for talking to a friend about red enchiladas from loco patron . once i left i was being yelled at on my way out then followed by another bouncer to canteen where they told those bouncers not to let me in and yelled in my face thats what you get for  smack b when i tried to speak to some  of management i was  by 4  and told there was no management here . i have never been treated so badly by somewhere i was spending  and for no reason . this  has completely changed my view of the bar and want everyone to know that if you are looking for a  place to hang out drink with friends and be treated with respect this is not the place to go
__label__neg  amazing things about the ambience and crowd here . i hiked the a mt and came for lunch never being here before expected a good time and a good cocktail after a hot afternoon . sat down waited a good while till i was served got asked if i had been helped or not unorganized we asked for a  lemonade tonic something refreshing and good got asked for our ids mind you ive come to mill for years before i even became of age with a fake id been of age for 3 yrs as well as my friend he bent her id and even after proof with her passport was convinced it was fake bent my id tht i had just ordered and used days before in portland and az he refused to serve us drinks ... not a big deal so we ordered i wanted to order the cheese fries to  out they are out of fries . so no drink and  being out of  of ther limited menu i have a very distaste left in my mouth will not be returning ever ... and will not be recommending this place ever instead go across the street to la bocca and have an amazing sangria and much better service 0 stars and to my server who im assuming is a manager of some sort you may need to brush up on ur id checking because tht was awful service and experience.nnnnnto continue this the owner of the restaurant emailed us and offered his sincerest  and said  the situation will b taken care of very pressed with the promptness and concern
__label__pos on a last minute happy hour invitation the wife and i rode our bikes to the handlebar to meet some friends . its right off mill and ive walked right past it unfortunately several times . nnwe were seated right away and given a rundown of some of their beer specials . im not sure who he was but he was very intense and  about the beer selection and i very much appreciated that . my beer was  promptly as was my wifes glass of wine . we then received another server whom  the remainder of our happy hour and food orders . nnwe split the only vegetarian option on the menu the portobello burger . it was huge and delicious albeit a little pricey at 10 bucks and the fries were extra . the happy hour drink specials more than made up for it . she kept our water glasses filled so we wouldnt be sloshing drunk riding our bikes home in the dark through papago park . nnthe interior is very clean rusticmodern with a huge bar and  of patio seating which i   dogs . my wife griped about the sink being outside the bathroomsince girls like to primp and thought it wouldnt be prudent to check  hairs in full view of everyone else . me i just like to wash my hands . nna cool spot that wasnt filled with  kids and had a great selection of beers hope to go back soon
__label__neg decent food . pretty good drinks .  prices .  service.nnpros the burger and fries were good enough to warrant a return trip . the beer selection was pretty  . couldnt complain about the drink  . the manager was  helpful and gave me an industry discount im a bartender when he brought the check.nncons absolutely the worst service ive had in years by far we sat down on the patio where most of the other guests were for ten minutes before the manager came over and asked if we had been helped . he got us some water and sent the server over . he took our orders and later dropped off the  and  . we didnt see him again for quite a long time . i was at a bar and my drink was gone and had no way of getting a new one . every time the waiter was at our table it was because the manager had told him to go there . n i had to ask the manager for my bill because the server was nowhere to be found and i no longer had any interest in staying . once again the manager handled the situation very well sending the waiter over and discounting the bill . after we had the bill the waiter seemed to magically remember we existed . he was hovering over us while i was taking my wallet out and watching me put money in the book . it was really uncomfortable . the moment the book closed the waiter had it in his hands . he ran over to the computer looked obviously upset at his small tip . as a service worker myself i rarely tip below 15 even for crappy service . this service warranted 1 however . n nobody expects incredible service in a bar . its a real laidback place . i do expect some service though . it is after all why their salary is based on tips . the server made us feel more than unwelcome in the bar but actually feel like our presence was a burden . our experience could have been completely if we had a  server . our server was not simply bad he was neglectful of his job . i took my business down the street to world of beer and tipped my excellent waiter 30 on my 100 tab . i may give handlebar another shot but i will be sitting at the bar if i do . the server in question was a tall redhaired male.n n i really liked the beer i had there too . i wish i could have bought 10 more . if only there was someone to serve them to me .
__label__pos  i  this  . very  and   .  cool ambiance and great  .
__label__neg after constantly hearing about blackstrap bbq this place has been a yelp bookmark of mine for months now . sadly its located in verdun and only a special occasion would bring me to this part of town ... as luck would have it a small  yelp event brought close to a dozen yelpers to this place during happy  . i just couldnt say no to this.nnthe first thing i noticed is that its pretty much a hole in a wall you can easily walk right by without even noticing it . parking in this area is also ridiculously difficult as the area houses countless duplexes that has locals taking up all the parking spots leaving you to take the paid parking spots ... which havent been modernized in any shape or form . its 2014 folks ive been paying my parking spots all over montreal for the last decade from an mobile app or parking machine that accepts credit cards ... why is this place still accepting coins ridiculousnni ordered their reputed burnt ends poutine and some root beer . the service was about an average wait but they were kind enough to bring me my food while i was sitting  on their terrace with fellow yelpers while i nursed my root beer . nnsadly i wasnt a fan of their poutine . while the metal  portion was generous and it was definitely heavy ... i couldnt finish it for multiple reasons . nnkindly note that i feel i might be the oddball here but i felt the fries werent up to par to what ive had for places  such as this place . the cheese was somewhat skimped on and the gravy sauce ... which should hold everything together ... was weak . the brisket meat was good though . they do offer you some bbq sauce bottles to spice up their poutine such as a sweet or spicy sauce container but i honestly feel if you need to do this your poutine isnt really what it should be . fries cheese curds gravy . maybe some extra condiments to your liking ... thats what it should be . sweet or spicy sauce shouldnt be added . but thats just me . however the sweet sauce made the mediocre poutine  more edible . so hooraynnthe price tag is somewhat expensive for poutine . i know theres a sort of gastronomic feeling to have that meat in your poutine i still felt this poutine was far more expensive than it should be . nnim sure from other reviews they have other quality things one can order but i havent had the chance and thus my reviews is solely for the poutine and thus its pretty forgettable amongst stiff competition in montreal and while other yelpers  me were dealing with hairs found in their portion of poutine or the extremely fatty cuts of brisket i guess this place simply isnt for me .
__label__neg this was our second time visiting this  . we had eaten here once before and it was ok. we figured we go back and bring a  with us last night . we all ordered the burger platters and all of us were very disappointed . in fact none of us came  to finishing what was on the plate . the fries were old and spongy they had been sitting in the fry for hours . all 3 hamburgers were burnt and not cooked to any of our  . we all agreed that we would have been better off visiting a mcdonalds . for 57 with   drinks it was not worth it . we left and went to fridays and had a great mealnnall in all i would go for the crowd and a drink or two but  on the food ... .go else where .
__label__pos i had seven  of calcium build up on the tile rust spots on the 3m quartz plaster and dirt stains i did not think would ever be clean again on my 45000 gallon pool . bullfrog told me they would work hard to get it looking better . they did not promise that  would come clean but that they would do their best . my  is a clean freak and a perfectionist . he looked at it when the work was complete and declared it looks brand new . the  came out every day to check on the progress and to make sure i was happy . he called me two  times to ensure my satisfaction and  recommendations on how we could keep our neglected pool looking its best going forward . they were complete professionals throughout the whole process and seemed to personally care about my pool and my satisfaction . i would  recommend them .
__label__neg first ... hair found in sushi roll .  ... screaming children . everwhere . third ... food was flavorless except the 911 roll which was very spicy and the best  of our meal.nnservice was ok. until it  busy then we felt ignored.nnso much for fusion  . we wont be returning .
__label__pos after attending the super run classic car show in downtown henderson last weekend i am a  of local events.the super run classic car show transformed water street into a classic car museum filled with people . the cars included a 1923 ford coexisting with a chevy el camino a plymouth road runner 1978 trans am and  classic car imaginable . just like a good museum the cars included information about their year and make . a good number of the cars had the hoods popped open to display the engines . the vehicle owners were there to share information . there was even a stand displaying hundreds of match box and hot wheels cars for sale.nn the super run classic car show featured a few food concessions plus a beer garden . they sold corn dogs smoothies hot dogs burgers sausages and fries . personally i have mixed feelings about the food concessions in downtown events . my understanding is that the events are entertainment that helps stimulate the downtown economy . on water street so much of the downtown economy is restaurants and bars . id do my part by supporting the cafe in the el  the coffee house and the gold mine tavern because they plan to be in the community for the long run . besides  im not too crazy over the taste of carnival food.nn in my reporting of the super clasic car show what made super run classic car show shine was that it made water street shine . i never saw water street so happening on a weekend afternoon . for a day water street looked like us 66 when gtos ruled the road . a water street that is  empty on a sunday morning wasu00a0animatedu00a0with people . these people were supporting local businesses . from my observation business was up on water street . there was even a 15 minute wait to eat in the cafe . it also seemed that the casinos and  were busier.nn when i look back on the super run car show i think of how it made water  shine on a weekend afternoon when i look back on this event i look forward to more local events .
__label__neg this place was  slow and the bathrooms were disgusting . it took me  mins from seated to  to get a   tea soup side salad and fajitas . took the  about 15 mins to get me lemon and splenda for the  . the chicken  soup is basically chicken noodle soup with tortillas and avocado . thank god my company paid for this meal . gross .
__label__neg i  this to be good because their regular restaurant in  is good . it was early morning so the irish oats  good . not sure what is irish about them i was expecting irish steel cut as they really seem like normal quaker oats and definitely were not irish  cut . they were severely undercooked and barely  . the wait staff was quite friendly and helpful and immediately offered to replace the item with something  which is why i gave 2 stars instead of  . so the repacement was eggs bacon and potatoes . the dish seemed like it had been prepared well in advance and had just been  . it was not very appetizing . i gave two stars instead of 1 because they tried to make it right and i appreciate that . perhaps translsating from an upscale restaurant to an airport concession is not easy . not sure .
__label__neg its unfortunate because i really wanted to make banner the health provider for my families needs . having said that after seeing them for various reasons over the last year and a half i have determined that they simply do not care . nnto be more specific both my wife and i can sense that we are no more than just a number . after a bad experience where i was told to wait for over 45 minutes when i was early for my appt . as requested they made me sit in their  for 30 minutes past my appt . time . i emailed a letter expressing my displeasure w this on their website . i received an email from what i believe was the manager of the location . i was asked to call her . i did that and left a voicemail . that call was never returned . i simply asked for a call back . nnthe latest two incidents helped to  our final decision . i had an episode at  where i had chest pain and turned pale then a few minutes later got physically  and almost passed out . i called to set up an appt . for a check up and to see if maybe i had had a  issue and was told that the earliest they could see me was 22 days away . i told my friend about this and he said what i had thought the entire time . that is if something like that had happened to him and he told his physician they would  to see him asapn . nthe second issue i have is that my wife has endometriosis and had surgery earlier this year through banner to remove cysts . not only did the surgeon not remove all the cysts but my wife is now continuing to feel pain . when she went back to her obgyn at banner she was told that a certain drug might help . my wife was then told that they would have to have insurance approval for this treatment . we have a ppo plan . my issue is that even if our plan doesnt cover the expense we will pay it to ease her pain . why should insurance be the determining factor heck well even prepay in 100 dollar bills if thats what it takes . when my wife decided to seek a second opinion and needed to go back to banner to sign off on her records release to the new physician the nurseassistant asked if she should still submit for that drug approval through our insurance . this was a week after she had her appointment complaining about the pain.. so basically they just sat on it and did  while she was in pain . they didnt even do what they said they were going to do . this is extremely frustrating and was the final straw . nndo yourself a favor and find a better team of physicians for your familys needs . thats what were doing now . a family doctor should actually care about their patients and even though im sure there are some very good people that work there there seems to definitely be a systematic flaw in how they do business and treat people . nnbut hey ... dont take my word for it ... go check out their fb  and the bad experiences posted there ... i guess were not alone .
__label__pos my     place in vegasnnits delicious not authentic.nnthis particular location has some great staff and is always fast . they do tend to be less friendly during the dinner rush but thats human nature.nni always get a salad rotating between pork and chile roast beef . their tortillas are the best you can get from a  of such caliber . i love them . i hear they make them with lard.nnalso horchata . need i say masnnget it
__label__neg this place is just ok yes the punch card makes it pretty cheap . but now i am regretting buying it . my son just doesnt play as long here as the other indoor places . i think because there is no toys besides stuff to climb on.nn my   with this place is video games . why are they in a kids play place the  is to get the kids out of the house and active . my 2 yr old wants to just play games . i can stay at  and do that.nnmy advice ... .get rid of the video games and  in some imaginative toys like maybe a play kitchen doll house tool  puzzlesbook center etc ... ..nnalso all the snacks are junk except for maybe goldfish . but the plus is you can bring your own .
__label__neg due to the service i will never go back . i love indian food and have been to quite a few  in the valley . chennais food was average ... when we actually  what we ordered dinner service . nnpros nrelatively fast turn around following ordering.nfood was pretty good if nothing to write home about.nncons nservers had no idea what was on the menu . they came back twice to ask if that chinna thing was a soup and then seemed to point at the menu at random asking is that it channa masala . its a pretty ubiquitous dish . and i can  it to you on the  if you hand it to me.nof the 6 dishes we ordered 2  accurately 3 were entirely inaccurate e.g . chaat when wed ordered a curry dish and  never showed up at all . nthey tried to charge us for dishes we didnt order in addition to those we did.nwe had to ask the waitress for water 3x before she brought it.nnnif youre going to go there go for the lunch buffet . the less you have to interact with the servers the better .
__label__pos love love  this place  cru00eapes in  .  this   10 stars defiantly check them out
__label__pos i was able to walk in super last minute before my  for the holidays and got both my pedicure and full set . all employees were extremely friendly quality of my nails turned out  and the salon was very clean love love love the style of the office and felt comfortable knowing there was security monitoring the parking lot late at night . i would   naughty nails to any of my  or   . nnmae
__label__pos i had the pork tenderloin . just  and  . the curry was good .  to rave about but  enough to take me back to it . for the  you  for each  defiantly  it .
__label__pos   ive had in a   and the  burrito and homemade  croissant were  thanks 
__label__neg so ... i tried it again ... .still not amazing . its not terrible food just not great . nnthis past sunday i went to the coach house to watch the niners game . my friends and i drove up there and parked in the dirt parking lot which is connected to the coach parking lot . my girlfriend and her friend went over the taco shop and got some tacos and a burrito to go . we then all went into the coach and enjoyed the game . a few  later we  to get into our car and it was gone . apparently americas taco shop had all the cars towed . the tacos here are not worth the 75 towing  . i was a patron at this establishment and will never go back . i am glad to see that other people on here had the same issue and are voicing their anger as well . nnamericas taco company has made a fatal mistake . they should have put flyers on the cars warning people of the issue not just had them towed . it could have been a great way for them to  their new location . put a flyer on the cars that offers a free taco or something . not  knows about this new place . instead they decided to piss people off . they need to be careful who they piss off . the coach house brings them a lot of business which will now be greatly diminished due to this . i used to tell people to just walk  the bar and grab a taco . i will no  be doing this . nni do not recommend going to this place . nngood luck americas taco shop
__label__pos higher end thrift store than most but  prices . nice adult clothes furniture and  decorations but no  for  . clean   .   .
__label__neg customer service hospitality whats thatnni arrive for a late lunch at 320pm with about 40 minutes to kill before my flight home . the restaurant is about 30 occupied . the hostess leads me into the seating area and attempts to  me at a small table for two . again the place is quite  . i request a larger table perhaps one of other ten or more   top available . she says they are getting ready for the lunch rush and doesnt want to give up the tables for a party of one . nni remind her its a little past  . she says oh the dinner rush . i mention again its just after 3pm . she lets me know the rush starts early . she offers another table tucked in the corner . i think great its a less desirable table but with more space . she leads me to another 2 top . i  dont bother ill take my business elsewhere . which i gladly did.nnits my guess this is the way this restaurant operates from a management level . time to reevaluate your procedures .
__label__neg have had breakfast  times here in the past  each time the bacon was a  undercooked mess . once the overeasy  were nearly raw . the rest of the breakfast was just ok. the french press coffee is pretty nasty dont use the last  of the pot or you will  to chew the coffee .  30 for two people at  .
__label__pos while my husband and i love our new home it is definitely not energy efficient so one of the   we did when we moved in was research companies to conduct an energy audit through srps discounted audits . ideal   out to us so we gave them a call and are so glad we did . our attic is very poorly insulated and there are holes in the duct work so they will replace the duct work and install new insulation their  was thorough and they provided us with  information about the work that was needed . nnin addition they promptly responded to my call regarding  of our air conditioning units which stopped working after receiving some water damage from the excessive rains we recently had . they were very honest about what needed to be fixed instead of trying to sell additional work that did not need to be done . very professional and courteous and i definitely recommend them
__label__neg both bars served  drinks . one didnt  the cleaner out of the glass enough the other didnt seem to notice the mixer was flat . if you want to tolerate   and   this may be an option . if you want a decent drink in a good not desperate  stay away never  back again .
__label__neg my husband and i went here at 730 on a monday to upgrade my droid x2 to a white iphone 5. i knew i wanted that particular phone so i called earlier to see if they had any which they did and to find out what time they closed 9pm . nni figured going to a standalone location in ballantyne would be pretty easy you know just walk in grab the phone and leave . nnthat is what we did we just had to wait over an hour to even be seen by anyone i just thought the wait was ridiculous . after about 40 minutes we were offered a soda but who wants that at 815 at night we were then told we would be seen shortly . shortly was  minutes later . nni understand they had difficult customers who couldnt make up their mind and had to be talked through the phone buying process . but really i hope we were an exception . nnthe sales  who we finally did see was very nice and he apologized for the wait . we had my new phone in hand and paid for in about half an hour . nn just a side note though because i have not had an upgrade in a couple of  but does anyone else know aboutthink is crazy that verizon now charges 30 to upgrade even if the phone is free you still get charged 30 on your next bill . i think its stupid and plan on calling customer service to see if i can get this  off . totally  advantage and nickle and diming where it hurts .
__label__pos it truly is a heavenly experience to find  food in las vegas away from the strip . we found this restaurant on a random  and it is wonderful we brought a bottle of wine to cork but i my husband was so thrilled with the wine list that we bought one of theirs . so  different flavors and tastes .  service with a very knowledgeable  . i  go  again and again take a few friends with you so you can order more dishes to  nnloved it
__label__neg while most of the people we have dealt with while at this  has been very friendly . we went to return something and had to deal with lisa . lisa was very rude from the moment we arrived at the counter . nnwe did not receive a receipt for something we put on layaway and we told her this . she  to  us.nnso after dealing with layaway and the person back at the layaway counter was very friendly . nnshe helped us get the receipt . while my  was standing at the customer service counter waiting . the lisa  at the customer service desk made   about several customers.nnbecause of lisa a  turned into a complete return and a loss of a return customer
__label__pos missing the home inspection on my first ever   seemed like the worst idea in the world but gordy made me  at ease that he would do an excellent job.nngordy sounded extremely knowledgeable on the phone . being that we were from out of town gordy proceeded to explain the types of common problems to expect in las vegas homes and what we should be looking out for . he answered every  we asked and suggested since we were out of town that he was willing to call us immediately after the inspection to give us the run down of the house . plus he would be willing to come back once we were in town again to show us how to properly maintain the house and point out what was wrong in person.nni was sold.nnwe scheduled the appointment as  as we were sure the utilities would be on and  to his word gordy arrived at the house early and called us right afterwards and spoke to us for well over an hour on the phone . we got the full walk through followed by an extremely detailed written report with lots of photos highlighting every issue . id opted for the thermal imaging and it was enlightening to see where we had insufficient  and where there were water leaks . i came away feeling like gordy left no stone unturned . not only that but gordy called us back again after he had emailed the report to make sure we understood it and reiterated multiple times that he wouldnt ever hesitate to answer any questions we had.nnoverall a fantastic experience . i wouldnt hesitate to recommend gordy
__label__neg  ambiance . waited 30 min for  ... no worries for  night and no reservations . saw waited twice ...   stood in as waitress . ordered baby back  for a child and an adult both  came out cold.nreally only saw waiter
__label__pos  is great tvs  is   is  .  decent staff is  wednesday is 5 burgers definitely 4 stars
__label__pos a    to stop and get a bite to    and decent   the desserts
__label__pos i am a fan because we finally have one in tempe they keep the store pretty clean and well stocked . i would say produce is 5050 they have great  but sometimes i look hard and cant find  that looks like its in good  condition to take home .  i was so excited to get a sprouts for the sandwich bar pros yummy alternative to subway good quality cheap ... cons they charge more than they should almost everytime they have more staff than they need when the young kids are back there talking and ignoring people placing orders and you can wait an average of  minutes for a sandwich make sure they  your order i have walked around the  store come back to find my order still sitting there .
__label__pos i love sprouts . plain and simple . they have the best pricing on essential oils out of anywhere ive seen their produce is never lacking or over priced and the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable . i was looking for epsom salt while i was in there and the girl told me their distributor was out for some reason . the only epsom salt they had was in a tiny pint sized carton for 2.99.  who has ever bought epsom salt knows that outrageous . she  to me like  different times for the store being out which obviously was in no way her  . i wanted to hug her she was so sweet . i still walked out of sprouts spending 60 on a cart full of  and i was  as can be even without my salt . sprouts will  be my  store of choice .
__label__pos  from management of drybar about my  and it was solved instantly . appreciate the quality customer service and acknowledging  . kind words from  and apologies  my  in  
__label__neg  is nothing exceptional but charges  price .  ribs too  and over  . chicken is  . hate to  this to  .
__label__neg if i could have given thus place no stars i would have . while i do agree that this place is super sleek posh well decorated and the kind of place that attracts beautiful people the absolutely horrible  destroyed any chance that my party and i were going to have a good night there . nwe were a party of 12 out for a  party and this was our first stop . we ordered 12 shots and the female bartender informed us that the bottle was only 145. it wasnt ... she did not  us it was 175 all in with tax . fine . i could have forgiven this as a  however when we  to pay for our bottle we did not leave a tip ... because literally all the woman did was take the bottle off the shelf and hand it to us . since we were planning on being there a while we planned on tipping in the usual manner if leaving a few bucks on the bar per drink . 5 minutes after paying the bartender came up to us and proceeded to lambast us  that the tip was not included in the bill . she demanded more money ... and continued to demand more  . additionally none of the other bartenders would pay any attention to us . i asked for a salt shaker for my tequila and one if them literally rolled their eyes . however when groups of men came to the bar they were more than happy to shake their barely covered ta tas in an effort to squeeze a little more cash out if them . 12 girls obviously unimpressed apparently werent worth the effort . if you enjoy being like theyre doing you a favor for serving you by all means come to this  . but montreal has so many great places ... to me its not worth it .
__label__pos really good chashu and   ramen bowls .   and   . will  
__label__neg  away they are slum lords and could care less about the tenant . i had to  about a week in   temps to get my ac fixed . it is almost  how they run this company . i  i could  negative 
__label__neg   at  . seated immediately .    and never had anyone come to the table . not even to serve us water . they seated two tables after us and both were  approached by a server . manager was wandering around servers were hanging out near the kitchen staff talking and laughing . we walked out . they still didnt notice . the hostess and the manager were standing at the door . they said thanks for coming in or something similar . guess they forgot the just  us as well .
__label__neg the service is horrendous and the food is mediocre at best . we waited 10 minutes for the hostess to  up at the hostess stand and then waited another  minutes for someone to take our drink order . we  our waitress a total of three times throughout our meal yet they were obviously well staffed . the food is equal to that of applebees . we ordered the grilled octopus which was woefully under seasoned and over cooked . the brick oven chicken was under seasoned as well . the scallops were hohum and the broccoli was equal to that of my 85 year old grandmas over cooked under seasoned frozen broccoli . if you dont like fennel dont eat here because it makes an  in  other dish it seems like . do yourself a favor and go to to one of the  fantastic restaurants in vegas or just save your money and go  the street to chillis because youll get similar food there .
__label__neg i decided to use park n  because the  lot could not guarantee parking . my car was  in bird  and muddy because the  is not paved . also i had to wait in line when i went to leave because the person in front of me had some problems . i  them a second chance and when i came back to my car it was damaged because someone hit it . the  would not do anything and  me to call the police . i will not park there ever again .
__label__pos     and  id   go here than subway or jimmy johns . i wish you delivered on weekends . ive been in only twice but i work weekends a few blocks away . i end up with jimmy johns all the time when i really want a great tasting sandwich with a bowl of soup.nnfix that .
__label__pos a version of this review will also be featured on the holy taco church at httpwww.holytacochurch.com.nngadzooks enchiladas and soup is a new place that i keep seeing mentioned on all the bestfoodsinphoenix type lists.nni ordered two tacos . my husband ordered enchiladas . i chose the 5050 meaning half flour and half corn tortillasthis ended up being a good choice because my husband went with corn and found they became extra toasty in the oven . nnnext up ... meat . i was a bit  about if i could combine meat with another nonmeat main item and it turned out i could.nni chose to do two chicken and cornbread tacos . cornbread . yes . scooped out of a big casserole pan . yelp said it was delicious so i wanted to give it a shotnnwith my tacos girded with chicken and chunks of cornbread my food moved on down the food bar . me i love me some cheese and here i asked for asadero and chihuahua cheese . my  dish was stuck in the big oven to heat up for like two minutes as i waited and drooled . next up i asked for pico crumbled cojita cheese because cheeeeeeeese vinaigrette slaw and pickled onions . at this point the dish looked like a delicious rainbow of awesomeness.nni asked for a pumpkin cookie and was pleased that the order included two . bonus cookie ftw . they also had lemon blueberry cookies and id love to try those sometime.nnso cornbread on a taco . dude . this is amazing . cornbread tastes awesome but it also has this softcrunchy texture thing going on . it melds with the meat . clouds opened up .   . cornbread is good with everything on a thanksgiving plate and it totally works with zingy mexican flavors . i need to try this combo at home.nnthe food was 100 awesome . every topping i chose was fabulous . the slaw and onions added a tang and crunch that nicely complemented the holy fusion of cornbread and chicken.nnmy husband had a short rib and a pork enchilada . he was pleased . i asked for bites of his food to judge this . well it was more like a mugging . my fork loomed over his plate and he wisely surrendered the dish before i stabbed him . i agreed with his assessment.nnmeanwhile our son had tortilla chips . they are awesome all covered with bubbles and thick  that they can crackle and kinda explode when you bite into them . you could tell they are made there.nnthen we come to the cookies . the glaze on them turned out to be maple . maple   fuzzy kittens the cookies really tasted like homemade and were soft and chewy.nnwe loved gadzooks . awesome food with great options . good prices 6.95 to get two tacos or two enchiladas . its earned all the buzz .
__label__pos thats a spicy meatball or in gadzooks case an enchilada . they do enchiladas and they do them very well . there are tons of different combinations of mixings and ingredients you can choose from to build your own enchilada . tons of different meats sauces and veggies to choose from . you could really try a  flavor  every time you go in . the atmosphere here and the patio make for a great time . they also have several bottled beers available for purchase that would compliment your  very well . the staff members here were also very nice and  to my friends and i when we  them this was our first visit . the cashier even brought  over samples of the various meets so we  try each type . nni really enjoyed this place and i am looking forward to trying more of their food in the  .
__label__pos wings cooked perfectly . buffalo sauce is great and equally as good is the  cheese dressing . coleslaw was a 7 out of 10 and the fries an 8 out of 10. fairly quick orders out in 10 minutes . only complaint and i think  just getting old but i cant stand when a eatery blasts adult contemporary music while you eat . back ground music is fine but when you have to raise your voice to  its too much . it is  good for table turnover though because i ate and ran the  out . i   the coldplay out of  . ahhhh
__label__neg i  if this is your thing ...  impressions location is quite poor .  thing in area is hispanic grocery and goods store across the street . locale itself is pretty beat . go here only if you absolutely must . dark at night  is  if chris is spinning the tunes . but the  itself is really  . the place lacks what people would consider character . i have to give it a low  overall .
__label__neg got a followup call today from management at the e  pointe location . manager made took some concerns to a new level ... i will not visit this property again and i feel for the servers who  for an arrogant . nnnwas so looking forward to pizza and a beer . pizza here is quite good . beer selection is below average . had to settle for an  craft beer at a nationally known price . asked server about beer selection and was told they stick to italian beer .  ... stella is belgian ... sam adams which they were out of is american . could not identify an italian  . 50 of all  was craft and nobody could make a comparison . cmon man
__label__pos  coffee is  an   .  coffee   from the pack with great coffee people and some of the best  ive tasted in a long time .
__label__neg one of the worse apartments complexes in las vegas . youve been warnednfirst of all when you guys are moving intry to stay away though take a lot of photos of everything inside the apartment otherwise they will make you pay at the end of the lease.as the amenities are not new the management will try to get some money out of you by claiming you broke this or that.i dont like to put my cigaret when smoking straight on the counter or table or whatever it is i use ashtrays all the time.there were some burns on the kitchen counter from the tenants before me they said i did it.okthe table near the  was all cut they said i did it and i know for sure i never cut meats or vegetables straight on the table.its a fact i spilled some coke and some beer near the coffee table they told me it was cat pee.thats ok but i dont have a cat.the stains were only visible on the other side of the carpet.i asked them who told them about how do they know when i know i spilled the liquids in therethey told me the carpet cleaning company told them is total damageare you kidding meof course they will say what they have to say to get the money from people.total damagenot even a visible stain and is total damagenot even a thread  and is total damagenthey did the tests in lab to check is it cat peenanyways they are still sending me letters from georgia to pay around 700 for the carpet and the kitchen counter.nok.another storynmy car was in the parking lot with the engine mounts broken for 2 weeks so i put the jack under the engine to  it so all of them 4 tires were still touching the ground.one day im going to the car and it was missing.the management is telling me it was a danger for the kidsnot even a cat was able to go under the engine and theyre telling me it was a dangerthe car was still on four tires on the ground you moronsmaking the story short around 500 spent to get the car out of the towing company in ne las vegasthank younknowing the tenants name and their apartment and their car plates at least warn me my car will be towednthe complex have security inside the premise.reallythats why every night at 12 or 23 in the morning every wannabe gangsta or pimp was cruising with full blasting stereo around the complex.because of their security my tomtom navigator left my car mysteriously at 4 pmi guess sonim making a complain about the neighbors dog and the ritual of barking at 45 in the morning.he was renting the apartment above me.the complain is coming next day on my apartmentnbut i did the complain for my neighbor upstairsnoh yeahnthats black humor for meni m asking the management to send someone to repair the drierno problem it took 8 days to  him.he repaired it in 15 minutesthank younnow my wife was invited at the pool party in the complex and she refused the invitation.it was a girl pool party.next days 56 girls they were all at the gynecology offices because of urinary infection.nthank again nnow rememberthough your contractlease is for one year you will still have to let them know youre leaving one  ahead of the ending term otherwise you will be charged as monthtomonthare u kidding methats why is a one or two or three year lease it says for how long youre willing to stay there or them to  you the apartmentif im having a one year lease that will show that i want to stay there for 365 days not double.nhey readers im coming from eastern europe.were eating bull for breakfast in there everyday so im not that kind of guy to complain every minute.but these guys will make you go crazy im telling you no liesnmy luck is i recorded the conversation i had with them when i gave them back the apartment keys they refused to come with me for a check out and then i got the phone after 2 weeks regarding their founding so i dont care i  them to drag me in court.nbewareif youre reading a good review probably is made by someone in the management otherwise is coming from ne las vegasyou dont have to go through what ive been through or  like menthank you for your time
__label__neg lendroit est immense u00e0 lintu00e9rieur et du00e9coru00e9 correctement . pour le service il y a du personnel qui se promu00e8ne de table en table avec des charriots remplis de nourriture . si vous ne connaissez pas la place et que personne ne vous explique le principe vous risquez du00eatre du00e9u00e7u comme ce fu00fbt le cas pour moi . on nous apporte u00e0 une table jusque lu00e0 cest correct . ensuite on nous laisse le menu cest correct aussi . cest lu00e0 suite des choses qui se complique . nnil y avait de quoi au menu qui mintu00e9ressait mais ceux qui passe avec les  de nourriture vienne nous voir et  propose plein de petits plats . je me dis pourquoi pas . je prends un plat pis un autre et un autre . ensuite lorsque je veux commander u00e0 partir du menu on me dit que vue que jai commencer avec les plats servis aux tables je nai plus accu00e8s au menu.nndu00c9ception total u00e0 ce moment lu00e0 . le personnel ne parle presque pas franu00e7ais et tru00e8s peu langlais . donc lorsque je voulais savoir ce que cu00e9tait tel et tel plat les ru00e9ponses u00e9taient pas  difficiles u00e0 comprendre . un peu frustru00e9 je demande u00e0 quelquun du personnel de mexpliquer un peu . elle me redonne un menu et quand les  passaient aux tables quelles mentionnaient cu00e9tait quoi le nom du plat je regardais le menu et pouvais mieux comprendre cu00e9tait quoi . nnau final le prix est raisonnable les quantitu00e9s u00e0 bien du sens mais la qualitu00e9 de la nourriture  tru00e8s moyenne . je trouvais que toute goutait presque la mu00eame chose et ce nu00e9tait pas un  gou00fbts les  agru00e9able en  .
__label__neg i am no longer a fan of the  . the valet parking is a  issue it fills up and then you have to park across the street and play frogger trying to make it back across 7th st. the  are overpriced as is the  and the place is always filled with kids . i dont go to outdoor patio bars to have screaming children running at my feet . i love children and if i was going to peter  i would expect the raucous . unfortunately this has prevented me from being able to take  of the fun  they offer ping pong corn hole and shuffleboard . nnperhaps i go too early but any later and you are waiting 2 hours for a table . no  . but yes i will probably still go there because i can ride my bike when the weather is nice and sit out on the patio .
__label__neg please please do not park in front of the neighborhood  . it is  really old and annoying  more often than not drunk yard  to use the valet parking instead of parking in  of our homes . they  free   use it
__label__pos when we first got here the place was empty which made me a little apprehensive ... maybe everyone else knew something i didnt.nwe decided to go with it  and were happy we did.ni ordered the pollo saltado and having had it several times at several different  i will say that this was as good as any other ive had.nmy  ordered the  with shrimp . while i thought this was a strange choice i tried it and was surprised . it tasted like it had cinnamon in it and even  that may sound odd it was a lovely  to this dish.ni will certainly come back .
__label__neg i travel for business and this is usually where i stay . but on this last trip it was freezing cold think   and the water in the room did not get hot ... it was lukewarm at best and for this texas girls i was none too  about it . i reported this to the front desk and was told that maintenance would check it out in the morning . they did and it was a  problem which would not be  until after i was already  . not nice anywho they did comp me one nights stay good for my company since they were expensing the trip but didnt make much difference to me since i was still taking cold showers . the two  is for the fresh fruit and hot coffee  morning .
__label__neg came to scottsdale for the 4th of july  . third night here and couldnt find a really good spot to brag about . we thought proof would be a top notch little  place im sad to  this place was disappointed us as well . we orders some beers and the sun devil mule which were great . the butcher board was fabulous . as we go on with the entrees we were left disappointed . we tried the exceptional waffle and chicken . the chicken was too salty and tasted like old  . the waffle was not tasty it came out soggy and fell flat . we then order the super food salad with steak . the salad was okay although the  was too runny . the steak was okay was nicely spiced . we then ended the  with some ice cream they claimed was hand crafted . the ice cream tasted like  brought ice cream . the service was  stars too bad the quality of the food fell short . really thought this place was going to be a hit .
__label__neg wonderful place for drinks the view and vibe . he food was not good the only item that we order and  was the cheese and meat plate . the  and waffles was a joke looked like it was made 2 days ago and reheated for  . the waffle was not even as good as a  waffle you get at the market . the blueberry salad was  and the steak that accompanied it was not delicious . we then ordered ice cream which according to the waiter is handmade .  actually it tasted just like dreyers ice cream from the  . nnthis restaurant is a joke and i am surprised that the four seasons management maintains a restaurant like this on the property . nncome here for drinks and the view but dont  great dinning .
__label__pos   are  ... the whole  is like one big  very clean   the 
__label__neg wow what a disappointing  . my hubby keeps telling me to stop buying groupons and i might start listening can not guarantee . i am not sure if it is because i had a groupon or not however i didnt feel welcomed . i get my brows done next door by koltton who is amazing . first thing she told me was to wait in the waiting area since she was running late . ok my next appointment was not until noon so i was not too worried . 15 minutes later and i started getting nervous . i was about to text my next  when she came to get me at 1105. i was never given a cover up to put over my clothing not even a dentists paper  . she just told me to lay down and she started  my makeup then a little rubbing of something else . after she put a gauzy feeling mask over my face . she  it and said we are done . i always tip so i tipped her 10 and left . it was 1125 when i got in my car . i couldnt believe it so i went to my  page to check . it was supposed to be a 30 minute red carpet facial guess i dont need to come  .
__label__pos i purchased a  and was very  with this  the manager gives a very aggressive scalp massage and delia styled my hair  . the best  ... my hair was light bouncy  and stayed  for 3 
__label__pos was there for dj atrak last month on a saturday night . the focus of this club is  the dancefloor and luckily for me thats where i like to be . the rest of the club did not  me at all . upstairs has  large bar and  small bar off to the side . too dark and plain for my liking . thats about it . what made this club for me is the  that there is actually room on the dancefloor to  dance . also  that atrak put on a few current hip hop hits which was refreshing for an edm only club . of course the lighting and ceiling performers were amazing . if you like to dance this is the place to be . if you wan na pop bottles id probably look to make a reservation somewhere else . all in all i had a great time and partied till almost 5am . im giving this place 5 because of the dancefloor being able to figure out which bar had the least wait time to order a drink figuring the best path to get to the dancefloor without the mass of people in the way and which area of the dancefloor was best . i will keep those a secret . youll have to figure those out on your own . goodluck haha
__label__pos the  inside  are second to none . led  everywhere you  . the dancers and  are all   
__label__neg heard this was a really cool place . friday night got on guest list and didnt have to pay bonus arrived with about 12 people no probem or very long line to get in . entrance included 1 free well drink for women . entered and was greeted by some costumed entertainers they were neat . room was a little small but cool looking . went to bar and the female bartender was very snappy and rude . tip women guest should use male  . didnt really see the main performers that people rave about . only  about 2 hours after it opened .  on the dancefloor  not dancing . and i think some weird older fat anglo man in nice  may have put some kind of date  drug in my friends drink so ladies beware dont leave your drinks open  strangers my girlfriend passed out cold after only 2 drinks it was very weird but she is fine . i will return and stay later to see the performers because most of th reviews say that it is a really  place .
__label__pos hippyhiphipster in swanky speakeasyville.. these are the words that come to mind when describing commonwealth.nnthis joint truly is a throwback to old nyc or chicago underground bars with secret poker rooms . exposed  and pipework vintage decor its definitely a classy joint but in the mobster kind of  . you certainly feel like you have stepped back in time here aka im in love with the place.nnmy first experience with commonwealth was superb no line a table seemingly made for our party attentive wait staff and deliciously strong beverages . im not certain i will attend this venue on first  or any other hoppin weekend event because i hear the line is  but i will grace the venue with my presence should my nights  out early enough to grab a drink or  there before the madness ensues.nnim not so much a fan of popular trends or kitschy places but its really hard to  that commonwealth is a really super fantastic place to be .
__label__pos i dig the decor the drinks and the waitstaff heck even the door guys . i dont know what everyone is complaining about ... the dbag ratio  quite  if you ask me . i didnt  care for the music  but hey you cant please  . i should note that their sound system downstairs never  upstairs is  ... some upgrades and eqing are in order for 
__label__pos starting from the lahmajun and finishing with the fruit tarts . manan bakery has everything . the sweetest bakery i have been too . i used to work next door and  always run in for a treat after work . my favorite is the birdmilk cake .  now i always  myself going back to manan bakery with friends and  for my sweet tooth . they designed my  daughters one  birthday with a  traditional vanilla strawberry cake that just melted in your mouth . thanks manan bakery ill be  you guys real soon .
__label__pos costco food court is the bombnnevery time i shop here at costco more often then not i end up eating at the food court . so of course i always end up looking to check in and nada  zilch nothing so now for all of you that are reading this hooray you can check in now  it will get you some type of badge.nnas everybody knows the costco food court has some of the best tasting food at prices that everybody loves lets  you got your choice of either a polish or all american hot dog that  with a drink for 1.50 can i get an amen a chicken bake for 2.99 a toasted ciabatta turkey sandwich for 3.99 and some other items that catch your eye as well like a  slice of either cheese pepperoni or combination pizza for umm ... ... damn i cant remember cuz i only order it for my kids.nnanyways you guys get what im saying . they have something for everybody and its not too hard on your wallet . i say the price you pay for the membership alone is worth it just for the food courtnnthe only downfall that irks me is that they only take cash . you would think that since you can pay with either debit or  express at the front registers that these guys would have the same set up . not although you can pay for whatever you wan na get at the food court at the front registers is a little better that still is  of a hassle.nnin the end i have yet to have a bad experience with the service and food every time i eat here . imagine a costco thats 24 hours . now thats something to behold it is vegas so you never know . in the meantime i can  go for a hot dog or turkey sandwich .
__label__neg i went to  32 with a friend a few  and had the worst experience . my friend and i stopped in for a quick bite to eat before we saw a movie . while my friend enjoyed the deep fried monte carlo  i did not enjoy my quesadilla with bacon and shrimp . the  was over whelming and i dont think the shrimp was cook properly . i looked around for our waiter and could not find him . nor track any other worker down to get something else or have it remade . we even wanted to order more drinks and couldnt . didnt stop once to see how our meal was . the waiter returned after my  finished his food . i told him what was wrong with my  . he offered to get me something else but i stated no that we were in a rush now for a movie . he brings us the bill and i was charged for a meal i didnt even barely eat . in fact i got home and spent 4 hours in the  sick as a dog . i wanted to contact the restaurant to tell them that they have horrid service but they dont even have a website or a contact  .
__label__neg the choices at this airport are dismal at best . i chose the worst of the two evils . or so i thought i ordered a chipotle panini . the cashier asked the person behind her if they had any and she said yes . i  for my over priced sandwich and  they were out of bottled water a couple minutes later they called me back up to the front to tell me they were out so i asked for a chicken walnut sandwich instead . they said they were out of that too . the cashier went to get the manager who was very pregnant and she didnt ask me if i wanted anything else just opened the  and threw my money at me . she then barked at the cashier to tell people that they were out of all the paninis and  . i found the whole  to be unprofessional and  . i will make sure to  before going to the airport next  .
__label__pos so yes im a sucker for discount hair cuts despite my  bad luck . i did have a great haircut that cost 30 bucks but at the rate im losing it im willing to forego the price for a quick inout  cut . nntoday i  for great clips just a few blocks from the house . you can schedule online which alot of folks did but luckily there were many stylists working today so i had to wait maybe 5 minutes . nnthe cut came out exactly like i asked for ... and she even  my pesky cowlick on the crown of my head something many many many stylists neglect to do . nnbut what i really appreciated was my stylists comments about my thinning hair . she didnt ask she just said i should look into some products to help alleviate my impending  . its not chrome dome yet but its slowly running away from my forehead . i do  when someone else can let me  when i can benefit from some extra help . so i start today with hair  product . well see ... ..nnoverall a nice quick cut . i hope its consistent ... then itll be 5 stars
__label__neg     but   was   . maybe 2 ounces of meat . egg drop soup tasteless . the staff was very cold and not friendly . food was just okay .
__label__neg i get it youre supposed to get buzzed at westgate then come here and  like every  is a good idea . geniusnnthis is a less cool version of the outlets in anthem.nndid you know tanger is an outlet chain like the deals youre finding are totally orchestrated nationwide in normal outlets businesses sell  to consumers which is where the  deals come from . in tanger youre dealing with a big corporate  . no wonder its lame.nnnot saying you wont find  you like ... its just  likely here than the real deal .
__label__neg  arent that     .  isnt so much an outlet mall as it is a crappy outdoor mall . i wouldnt come back . but if you are too stupid for your own good definitely swing on by
__label__neg this place kind of reminds me of the grand cafe in station casinos . nothing in particular stood out except for the fact that its  inside one of my favorite casinos the  nugget . im an eggs benedict type of  so thats what i order .  eggs benedict with decently prepared hollandaise sauce and not overcooked . service could have been  though . i think our waitress only came around a couple of times . she kind of  like she was   forward to going home . if only they understood that good friendly service would get you a bigger tip . oh well ...
__label__neg we tried vine the first week it opened for lunch and it was good . so we decided to go there and try if for dinner  . very busy which was an initial good sign . unfortunately that was one of the few good  for the evening.n the waiter started by asking us if we had been there before and when we said we had he said it was unusual to have repeat visitors.n 2 of us ordered filet medium which came out well done . i give the manager credit for offering to redo the steaks but since the flavor was still good we decided to keep them versus waiting for new steaks . one of the baked potatoes was lukewarm so we sent it back . the potato they  back was exactly the same . as for the steaks relative to the price they were small thin filets for the price ... .29 for the entree.n i ordered the jambalaya . it was average with the prominent flavor being salt.n to make up for the overdone steaks they did offer us a free desert . nice gesture but for a new restaurant i would suggest they offer a gift certificate and ask us to come back and give them another chance plus a comp for at least one of the meals.n when the waiter went through the dessert options he said that the key lime pie was standard nothing fancy .  the wine list was good with a wide selection and price  . we decided to order a washington state wine that was very good . nnin summary there are many choices in the south  area that have better food at a  price point . vine american kitchen may end up being a good after work scene but they have some work to do in order to compete with the other food options in the area .
__label__neg 24 hour vietnamese sounded so good . i really wanted to like jenni pho but sadly the food was just terrible.nni tried a chicken vermicelli bowl and porkshimp broken rice plate . my friend got pho with beef . aside from the spring roll appetizer which was ok everything else was so bad it was almost inedible.nnthe chicken on top of my vermicelli bowl tasted like it had spoiled . i took one bite and had to spit it out.nnon to the broken rice plate . this dish wasnt scary bad like the chicken vermicelli but it wasnt good either . the pork was not trimmed large pieces of fat hanging off it . flavors were bland boring.nni didnt try the pho but my friend said it was way too salty and had so much grease in the broth that she couldnt eat it.nnwe sent back all  dishes something i almost never do and  told our  what we didnt like about them including that the chicken tasted like it had spoiled . we were quickly served our bill without any adjustments.nni understand mistakes can happen  deserves a second chance . when its brought to a restaurants attention that they may be  spoiled meat and they do nothing about it ... well im sorry but ill definitely not be eating there again .
__label__neg    .   .  on   . way overpriced . i would pay these prices at lucilles but definitely not here . will not return .
__label__neg  ribs i checked this place out after the local mag gave top notch raving reviews and they were spot on amazing dry  big meat falling off bone  ribs . caught the vegas ribjones here but after two bigtime satisfying visits with my fam the third and last time was so sad . ribs were  rate bad and mostly fat . i told our sweet waitress the  and she said the next time we come in the next time they  comp us a  rack plate . she even admitted her mother had the same experience of third rate fatty ribs . so now sadly my search for great vegas  continues elsewhere . note to top notch rib man do not compromise or you will lose more customers
__label__neg i  jimmy johns and i  go to the one by my house on windmill and eastern . i was christmas shopping at galleria mall and was craving a sandwich so i looked online to see when the jiimmy johns  from the mall closes 9pm  i can  it . i walked in at 839 pm and it looked  they were already closed i asked an employee if they were closed already and he stammered well umm yeah were closed already i  really i just walked out annoyed
__label__pos i have a new favorite dessert place snohs shaved ice is like no other in the phoenix area . it has a   texture almost like cotton candy . also the ice itself is flavored before its shaved . when you order at the counter you get your  of flavor e.g . original thai tea mango  tea taro toppings  included for small 2 included for medium and large and glaze e.g . sesame condensed milk chocolate caramel.nnso far ive had the mango and the taro and i prefer the taro . the portions are very  and 34 people can easily share a large size . there are numerous toppings to choose from  fresh fruit mochi and puddings . the only thing i wished they had was a fruity glaze like maybe a strawberry or raspberry.nnthe decor is hip and they are always playing a quirky movie on the tv . iron sky anyone
__label__pos this  hits the  . my  flavor of snoh is  the  milk black sesame or thai tea . there are so many  and toppings to chose from that nearly everyone will find something they like . also the boba is   here . the house milk tea with boba is definitely worth a try .
__label__neg so this dennys on fremont is a mess late nights . nnwe were not  when we  in it took  too long to be seated.nnit seems that most the servers had been partying some seem wired etc.nnseveral times i had to ask for a  of the same sauce twice she brought the wrong drink..nnthen  openly tells us oops you can tell i  what the whatnnfood was ok but rushed and looked messy.nni will only eat at this dennys again if im more drunk then i was last time.nngreat spot for cheap  reason for 2nd star
__label__pos i will review this place in the order in which we experienced itnnfirst we arrived at the establishment to be greeted by the unfriendly hostess who had a nasty little attitude . she  us what our last name was in which my fiance replied i will just tell you my first name because my last name is very long and hard to pronounce . so he told her his first name and she preceded to still ask for his last name . my fiance repeated his reason for not giving it to her to which she replied with a roll of the eyes and a well its a 45 minute wait . i think she misunderstood the favor that we were doing her by not having to go through the trouble of spelling and pronouncing our last  which she would have butchered if left to her . nnafter that we  to the bar . i am not a fan at sitting at the bar but the bartenders were very animated and friendly . they served us our drinks and food quickly . the bartenders were also very helpful on helping us make selections . we ordered i dont  the exact names the pub sliders pretzel sticks and the fish and chips . me and my  share food a lot and it is a wise idea to do that herebecause the portions are large . nni thought that the food was presented beautifully and that it tasted good . the pub sliders were juicy and came with a side of garlic mayo loved it . the pretzel sticks came with a side of spicy mustard very spicy and awesome and the  and chips were tasty and not too greasy . nnwhile we were eating at the bar and enjoying ourselves we noticed the beauty queen hostesses up front flipping their hair and snapping their gum . we also noticed a ton of empty tables in the establishment . clearly doing their job is so exasperating for them . gosh they should take a break . nni would come here again and i would  it to a friend . i took off a star because of the rude introduction we got from the hostesses . ramsay above all people should know that first impressions mean a lot and that those ladies up front gave us and from what im reading most people a bad taste in their  .
__label__neg 2 stars because the food once it got there was delicious . had the sliders and the beef cheek stew . nnsliders are served with a whipped aioli and were solid juicy slidersnnbeef cheek stew has a decadent  and the meat was tender as a butchers heart . nnhowever service was absolutely atrocious our server was aloof and did next to  . obviously the busser hadnt been trained  because as my  is chewing a piece of his steak the  comes over and asks if he was all through while there is still meat on his plate too boot.nnnice beer list and yummy pretzel bread . i would return and hope for a better  and make a final judgment after that .
__label__neg really this restaurant bears the name of gordon  actually more closely resembles amys baking kitchen . how can he have any credibility judging and criticizing the  of others when his establishment serves such horrible foodnnnow i wan na say that the service was excellent and the staff very warm . drinks were large as they should be for the price . apps were okay . onion soup was awesome and  salad solid . but the entrees were absolutely horrible . i had the pork  and  only get through a bite . it was too  and oily without flavor nnim shocked that for the money and considering all the great good alternatives how can this place stay in business should have just gone to nobu and spent 50 more
__label__neg went to gordon ramsey pub about 6 months ago . i was not overly  but thought i would try it again . i am in vegas  and was looking for a  casual place . mini burgers were dry and  . lobster mac and cheese was  but not great . i told the waitress of my   and she did not seem interested . nnapparently the standard that chef ramsey has on his television shows are not the same in his restaurants . it seems to me if you put your name to something and profess excellence it should be excellent not just  .
__label__neg i was excited to receive a coupon in the mailer to this foot spa . im from seattle where they are all over the place but have had a hard time finding some here . i  and they  me to come down and i didnt need an appointment . it was a little hard to find as its not actually on scottsdale road but behind the main buildings on the west side in the corner . they appeared to have recently opened . nni was taken to the back room where several massage recliners were . a man was talking loudly on his cell phone while getting his  rubbed but said oh theres a customer here so i better stop talking and thankfully hung up . the owner stated he was her husband and she got my foot soak going as she  to an employee in another language . i  in and started to relax and the owner started rubbing . there was quite a bit of light coming in the open doors and someone kept going inout of the back door so it was a little hard to relax . the owner put a small towel over my eyes and i started to relax more . then out of  i heard the owners husband get up he was lying next to me and then heard someone take a photo and i saw a bright flash . i realized the husband had taken a photo of me the owner snapped at her husband he laughed and left . creepynnthe massage was okay ive had better but ive also had worse . the owner kept talking to the other employee the entire time so i was unable to relax and was in fear of another creepy photo being taken . i was thankful when the experience was over and the owner was nice enough to provide me with a cup of water . i paid and quickly left . due to the unprofessionalism i wont be back and can not refer this place to someone else . ill head back to zen reflexology where its a little more money but is also  and quiet .
__label__neg i am writing this review based on what just  between my coworker and the supposed manager of this restaurant . my coworker ordered pho  out and when she opened the container and sifted through the pho there was a bug . to anyone this has happened to or even if it hasnt this is incredibly disgusting to discover in your food.nnshe called to let them know what happend and was going to come back to get her money when the manager told her they didnt want her business and it wasnt their problem.nnthis is absolutely unacceptable . and it gets worse . my coworker went back with another coworker to bring the pho back so they could see for themselves and when they walked in the container crackedopened and the bag was filled with the pho to which the manager saidyelled to them get that sht out of here . i dont want it . he proceeded to argue with my coworkers and raise his voice in the restaurant . while other customers were presentnnthat is how you run your business yelling and swearing at a female customer in the middle of your restaurant because she brought to your attention your pho was  ridden nnget the hell out of here . disgusting and i along with many many many employess that work downtown and used to go to this restaurant will never be back.nnyou are trash for speaking to a  this way . nnso if in fact the manager was involved with this encounter i hope your  soon close . and if this happened to be an  posing as a manger then i hope you lose your job and the real manager make  changes in the kitchen as well as your hiring process .
__label__pos what a lovely place . i am eating one of the very  saumon quiches at this very moment . i love that the place is small and  . you could come here on a date or with some friends to hang out and  some fresh baked  or an assortment of other items like sandwichessoupssaladscoffeecrepesetc . i like being able to  into the kitchen and watching the bakerschefs as they work . so much to  from will have to  to sample other items on the menu .
__label__pos jadore   ... .et les  ... .et les  ... .et  croissants ... .nngreat french bakery that serves up goodies with a smile . la belle terre offers artisan breads pastries and real food quiche sandwiches soups with flair . on my maiden visit a few days ago i sampled the normand sandwich turkey breast brie apple walnuts and it was very good . the bread tasted like it came out of the oven a few hours ago chewy soft yeasty yum . i also enjoyed the baby rasta an original chocolate meringue cookie sandwich topped with vanilla meringue dreadlocks . magnifique for takeaway i selected a few macarons blueberry and passion fruit chocolate chip cookies and a cranberry roll . all were gone far too quicklynni am returning to try the quiche . nnif you havent already pay a visit to la belle terre . youll enter and exit with a smile on your face because how can anyone be sad in a bakery
__label__pos  the    and     great place to relax with a cup of coffee and your laptop .
__label__neg i was looking forward to going here i had heard good things about it . it did have really fresh ingredients and probably some of the  olives ive ever had on pizza . unfortunately my pizza left much to be desired . the dough was raw for about 23s of the pizza . the only dough that was   was the crust . it didnt get much better when i brought the rest  and finished cooking in the  . for the  of  pizzas i  hope they could get the crust correct . not sure ill ever go back .
__label__neg oh man . i made sure to come back long after my last review . my boyfriend even tried it without me and said that his pizza was good that time . so we come for a later dinner and i hoped the pizza was great . nni wanted to try the smoked salmon pizza and the girl at the counter was stumped at what went on it so she went to ask others . they debated if it had sauce or not . it said it had mozzarella aioli etc etc that i read off the menu to them and said i just want what was on the menu . they started talking amongst themselves didnt hear me and then put red sauce on the pizza . red sauce and smoked salmon doesnt make sense to me and i didnt want it and said that didnt seem right but they insisted it does ... .even though they didnt know what was the toppings on it just earlier . they still seemed confused about the pizza so i said can we just get the calabrese pizza instead . they did know that one so i just rolled with it . there are less than 10 specialty pizzas or make your own  ... .i would assume being a pizza maker you would know what goes on the pizzas . nnwe ordered also their chopped salad as that salad is pretty delish . i definitely love that salad and how you can get a little bit of  in each bite . nnthe pizza comes and its definitely soggy and watery . you can see the pool of it in the picture . it was getting closer to closing and they were cleaning up a bit so i debated if i should return it or not . i tried a bit of my  and  it was too soggy to deal with . i  up and showed them and apologized they were cleaning and getting ready to go home but it just wasnt okay . the guy was nice enough about it and said it was no problem.nnthey refired it and it was better . it was not as good as the bfs last pizza according to him . i suspect it was fired up by that one guy who used to make the pizzas at parma and our pizza was made by newbies.nntheres a yelp check in for a free cannoli with a pizza purchase . i was distracted so i didnt redeem that but make sure to check in if you come . nni dont know how to feel . i want to like this place is the trouble . its chef marc its vpn style pizza its by my house and i really like that salad . its getting good  now some of my friends like it too . it seems who makes your pizza makes a difference ... .they come when  is here . its hard for me to ever come back after this . it must be  inconsistent quality.nn it makes me sad to not feel zesty pizza redemption the second time around . i dont get the hype .
__label__neg i must have a sign on my back that says please make my purchase with your company as large of a clusterf as possible . i thought the room store had horrible service but directv takes the gigantic crapfilled cake . nnhaving just purchased a new condo in tempe i kind of would like to have things set up relatively quickly . so the week before im set to move in i go online and set up a package deal for internetphonetv through qwest who uses directv for the tv end of the deal . qwest  up an installation date for the second day after i move in . im thinking great that was really quick . one problem qwest only set up the phone and internet . at no point did they tell me beforehand that i needed to set up a seperate install time with directv . since i made a onestop purchase i assumed a onestop installation . nni was wrong . nnvery wrong . nnon september 30 i  to set an installation time with directv . having just purchased an hdtv i requested an hd tuner  . they said the earliest possible install date would be october 25 for even basic normal no hd equipment . i grudgingly accepted that date . what else could i donnfast forward to october 24. im excited to finally get tv in my condo . however i have yet to receive any kind of call to set up a time for tomorrows install . i decide to call directv and see what was up . guess what not only was i never put on the schedule for a delivery date and time but even if i was they have a backorder on the tuners for an unspecified amount of time . i asked the supervisor what  i could expect to actually get installed he said i dont know . thats a pretty effing bad answer if you ask me . furthermore while they were willing to do a basic install about a week from now and then bring the hd tuner when it came into stock they said i would be charged twice for installation and when the tuner actually did arrive i would have to cancel service and then reactivate service with all sorts of fun fees they were unwilling to  . nnthe bottom line is it will likely be two months between the time i ordered my service and the time it actually gets installed . nnsomebody up there loves you but it sure as hell isnt me.nnupdate i finally got installed and guess what it looks like  crap . their custom install involved propping the satelite dish on my  and advising i go buy concrete blocks to keep it from blowing over and then running cables through my window and my sliding door and across my carpet . sweet nnthey keep getting worse .
__label__pos amazing food . lobster   service quick on hot fresh  .  environment . my husband and i will be back on our  visit to las vegas  comparable and i cant say enough about the  . a  visit .
__label__pos this place is reediculous and i mean that in a good way . a month or so ago i pulled into the parking lot to go to milagro grill and spotted nothing bundt cakes . i said very loudly oh my god to which my daughter  whats wrong mommy i told her i  my favorite place in the world for sweets . and that is not an understatement . i first tried this place in  scottsdale and the arcadia location has the same great quality . moist cakes with a variety of flavors and sizes . i especially  the samples they have at the front . just the other day i tried an awesome cinnamon swirl  . delicious . nnon a recent evening we had dinner at milagro and went here to get me some dessert . on the exact minute they were closed we were at the door . i almost had a  attack that i was here and couldnt get my fix . the employees didnt hesitate to let us in which was so cool . my husband  up a red velvet cake  serves 810 ppl and it was hit . the red velvet is my favorite with the cream cheese frosting and chocolate chips in the batter . i typically get the bundlet which is about 4. nni pretty much need to stay away from this area because otherwise i will pig out on their delicious goodies ... ..
__label__pos    japanese  .   and  decor . will definitely come back because its better than most of the other  restaurants out there
__label__pos i saw the sign for pink box doughnuts a few  ago and was intrigued since id never heard of them . checked out their website and some of the donuts reminded me of voodoo donuts in oregon . when i saw that they were open 24 hours on saturdays i decided i had to go and give them a try after work.nni walked in behind one of those indecisive people who take forever to make a choice but i was in no hurry and wanted a chance to check out the selection . megan who works behind the counter was great very patient with this person and was  to help her make a decision.nndecided to try a mixed selection . the bacon maple bar is  light donut with just the right amount of frosting and bacon . had to  the fat elvis since its elvis month yummy peanut  and banana mixture inside had the perfect texture . still have a  snowball and lemon pie set aside for tomorrow sure like ill wait until tomorrow oh yeah its after midnight it is tomorrownnprops to megan a great salesperson for the shop perky for late at night and   . nnnext week im trying the sweet potato donut . cant wait .
__label__neg  .  .  . nbad to the  degree.nnthe meat is tasteless.nthe buns are stale.nthe toppings are paltry.nnand its all insanely expensive.ni mean come on ... .11 for undercooked truffle fries 16 for a tiny burger with a hard piece of prosciutto on itnnif you want a socalled gourmet burger with unconventional toppings and a better cut of meat go to burger bar or barrymore or holsteins or bachi.nif you want a great regular burger thats infinitely better than this excuse for food go to smashburger or badger cafe.nbut whatever you do avoid this godawful gordon ramsey ego feverdream.nnweve all heard that the brits know nothing about good food . well gordon ramsey proves it many times over with burgr .
__label__neg  bad . like really really  . not    my  was blown away by any of the food . the look on everyones face was hilarious because it said really this is what i waited for very very overpriced too . nni have tried to go here 3 times and this is the first time i have actually been able to try the food . the other two the wait was way too long and now i know it is not worth it by any means.nnmeat is undercooked and is so pink you might think it is raw . the burger itself is  underwhelming and very disappointing . it lacks flavor and you will be wondering why you bothered to wait for so long in line and after you ordered . it is shocking how mediocre it is.nnthe pop up dessert should have been great but instead tastes like a discount ice cream you buy from the clearance section at a convenience store.nnsuch a lousy experience . i actually would  my money back . i dont see this place lasting for long . it cant survive on tourist only who dont know there are much better burger places nearby on the strip and off it .
__label__pos yelp  the five star rating as something that is as good as it gets and gordon ramsays burgr absolutely fits that description . i will go out of my way to try and find a great burger and ive had some awesome ones but the ones i had here were some of the very best ive ever had anywhere . ever.nnfirst impressions being in vegas its got that upscale feel to it . we had a short line when we got there about a 15 min . wait and the giant interactive menu on the wall is sweet . the bar is very cool with the ice wall behind the taps and the open kitchen and the flames along the walls are nice eye candy.nnservice service was excellent the bartenders were great and our server was extremely helpful knowledgeable and attentive . love the ipad that you get that shows the drink list and gives descriptions . draft selection was small but had a nice variety and great quality beers.nnfood we ordered the farm burger euro burger and the brittania and they were every bit as amazing as i was hoping theyd be . the burger patties themselves were out of this world . cooked perfectly to order . moist and tender on the inside and a phenomenal mouthfeel and chew . the blend of cuts was awesome and the texture of the short rib in particular was stellar . the natural taste of the beef really shined through and the fact that theyre grilled over a  fire gives them an added depth of flavor that you just cant get with a plain gas grill like most other burger restaurants use.nna burger patty should be good enough that you could eat it on its own with any sauces or toppings only serving to compliment the protein and that was definitely the case here.nnthe farm burger with its duck bacon and quail egg was ridiculously delicious . the brittania with the mango chutney had a nice sweetness to it . my personal favorite was the euro burger . the goat cheese and truffle aioli just sent the burger over the top . in each burger the different flavors were perfectly balanced.nnthe jalapeno poppers were really good as were the onion rings . the chipotle ketchup that came with the rings was particularly tasty . i wish i couldve  a  of that stuff home with me.nnis it more expensive than most other burgers yes . is it overpriced no.ncould you find bigger heavier burgers yes . is it any  satisfying no.nnsome people have this idea that the more a burger costs the bigger it should be . uh no . the more it costs the  it should be . if all you want to do is pinch pennies and get the biggest burger possible for your money walk down the street to fatburger or find some fast food chain . but you get what you pay for so if you want quality if you want the absolute best burger in vegas and certainly one of the best anywhere gordon ramsays burgr is the place to be.nnim just gon na say it ... there are a lot of reviews by people saying the burgers are just okay or nothing special etc . those people have no idea what theyre talking about .
__label__pos the burgers were  i had the euro and my bestie had the earth burger . both were flavorful and just big enough to fill us . we  the just fries since she is vegan and cant eat cheese . they were okay just as the name they were just fries no seasoning and were a little hard not crunchy but  . it comes with a chipotle ketchup and curry ketchup i didnt care for either but she loved them both . nnthe fries price and service were the reasons why it doesnt get 5 stars . our server took a few minutes to come to the table and different  brought our drinks food and the regular ketchup i asked for . they were  but as always if you cant handle a bigger  then maybe they should staff more  . the 2 burgers 1 just fries and 1 ice tea  to almost 50. at least i had a diamond tier card and didnt have to wait in line .
__label__neg  my burger   a     from costco and the brioche bun was mealy . the fries were an even bigger disappointment . the ends of them had rotten spots on them and i could not even remotely taste any truffle flavor . all of this can be yours for 30 per person it makes me want to go to my local  place where i spend 8 for total deliciousness and real truffle fries and give them a 22 tip for doing it right .
__label__neg i had  expectations for burgr since it is a gordon ramsey restaurant and i love burgers . service was great i had a  of 9 and they sat us right away which i thought was amazing . nnwaiter was very descriptive and encouraged us to try the hog burger . more than half of us did ... .. and more then half of us got sick later that night nncoming home some of us check our bank  to tally up our weekend come to find out that 2 of  had been double charged on our accounts from burgr . nnif you like great service  poisoning and incorrect charging of the bill i recommend  nnnnnnntangent i hate to write a bad review but it  ruined our las vegas trip . we all got sick tried to figure out the cause and that was the only place we ate at . and to add salt on the wound over charged .
__label__pos the  was great i   with  topping and it really   with the sweet  fries over any other type  .
__label__pos had a 30 minute  to get in but the time went by  as there is a lot to see and do around the  . i had the uber  and truffle fries . my friends had the hells  but said it was not hot or spicy . burgers are over priced but they have  flavor and great buns the  fries are worth every  and the best ive ever had . ended up paying 30 for burger fries and an iced tea .
__label__neg i am a vegas local and i had some friends visiting from out of town this was their last nite in  . so we decided to do dinner here as it was centrally located and we thought it would be a fun  to try . they had gotten there before me and had just been seated as i arrived . we were seated around 6p . there was a total of 5 of us in the group.nnit took the waitress about ten minutes to  approach our table and when our waitress came she was overall nice but spoke very softly and it was beyond hard to hear a word she said . we started by ordering water and a martini for  of my friends at the table the drinks took about 1520 minutes to arrive . when the waitress returned to take out order we ordered the jalapeu00f1o poppers which i thought were intended to be an appetizer a blue burger uber  burger chicken burger a standard dawg and the sweet potato fries.nnwe waited at least 45 minutes for our food to arrive and during this time the waitress never came back to check on us but we saw our server pass by the table consistently and quite often and literally bus the table sitting right next to us but never once stopping to check in and let us know the status of our order or simply to just check in and see how we were.nnwhen our food finally arrived the appetizer we had ordered arrived with the burgers ... . so much for an appetizernni liked the idea of the jalapeu00f1o poppers being served in the shot glasses with their own dipping sauces but overall it seemed to  the taste and texture of the poppers they  lukewarm and very soggy i did not enjoy the honey jalapeu00f1o mayo dipping sauce at all the flavor was just very off and not appetizing . the burgers were juicy and delicious . the sweet potato fries were  good.n noverall the food was good but i think that the service we had just really ruined the overall experience for me we only found out our servers name once we received the check ... so i would say if you go avoid sitting in dorotas section if possible .
__label__neg   of    the   burger i ordered was not as expected . i ordered to go and waited half an hour for my food to arrive . when i bit into the  it was overly salty as if the person who was seasoning the meat dropped a whole canister of salt into the patty . its probably because i ordered around 1145pm and they close at 12am so they didnt care about the standards and said f it they cant complain after we close . so disappointed .
__label__pos if you love burgers then you must try gordon ramsays burgr restaurant this place is currently in my top 5 burger restaurants.nnfoodni ordered the farm burger . the  egg was cooked over easy so when you bite into the egg they  will ooze out and create a  spread throughout the burger . the quality of the meat was on  level and the cheddar cheese that melted on the meat was the perfect complement.nnsides notesnnambiancenthe du00e9cor was casual with tvs  . the eye opener was the wall of fire . yes real fire.nnservicenthe service was great considering the restaurant was packed and there was a 1.5 hour long wait . be prepared to waitnnoverallnalthough i waited 1.5 hours i would still  that it was worth the wait . put your name down on the list and go gamble.nni highly highly  burgr
__label__neg sur le service rien u00e0 redire . sympathique souriant et super agru00e9able.nnjai u00e9tu00e9 un peu du00e9u00e7ue des cocktails ... nous avons essayu00e9 la sangria de louest sangria rouge et le pisquoi de neuf qui est un cocktail  fraises ... les deux u00e9taient bien ordinaires ... nnla sangria gou00fbtait la sangria ordinaire malgru00e9 tous les ingru00e9dients diffu00e9rents qui la constituait.nnle cocktail u00e9tait sans punchs et les saveurs ne sharmonisait pas aussi bien quelles auraient du00fb.nnnnous  pris la planchette de 3 entru00e9es pour 22nles  de saucisses  smoked meat avec moutarde maison u00e9tait un du00e9lice honnu00eatement chapeaunle tartare de saumon u00e9tait u00e9picu00e9  mais sans rien de particulier.nles calmars grillu00e9s avec coulis de tomates u00e9picu00e9s par contre u00e9taient caoutchouteux ... . nnbref cest le genre dendroit ou00f9 on va prendre un verre  apru00e8smidi sur la terrasse munie de banquettes et du00e9coru00e9es de fleurs mais on ny va sans sattendre u00e0 quelque chose dimpressionnant . juste pour profiter  soleil .
__label__neg decided to try again . i dont know why . pizza is actually okay but the  is so inadequate that cant endorse this place . the cashier didnt give correct change and simply cant be  with  and last time i had no cheese on my  .  ill  out of my way to  pie next  .
__label__neg since theres not many korean restaurant in charlotte we  we give this place a try in noda . nnits a big  dinner room design when u  in the bar is at the left the kitchen at the back and theres u have a ur whole dinner area with clear view of the street.nni knew we made the wrong  looking for authentic korean food here . nobody  here is korean but we stick to our plan and dine in . nnwe have calamari for appetizer then bibimbop and bulgogi for entree . the food is not bad if u never tried real korean food before but its just a bit westernized . i wouldnt go back if im craving korean food but stop by for a drink and hang out with friends ...
__label__pos i ate at nikys last evening . like a  bunny i never thought to make reservations and the place was packed . they found seating for  and a late arrival guest with in 10 minutes . what can i  the food came out quick and it was delicious my first guest had   there before and he  the duck . he raved about it my ty soup and the ss chicken was excellent my late  guest had the chicken mango salad . he was scraping the plate
__label__neg was  and once our  was reminded about us she admitted she  about us . food   .  browns were crunchy not  . will not 
__label__neg  ... ... ... .     ive  on  . manager was incredibly rude . apparently you dont matter as a customer if you are close to their closing time . cant believe the rudeness of this supervisor when asked simple questions . will not return .
__label__neg   and      . no  service . saw 3 asian men sitting around in the back watching tv . get off your ads and run your pathetic business
__label__pos backyard taco was  at the johnson elementary carnival . the food was fantastic and grilled right before us .  enjoyed the carne asada and  street tacos .  was raving about their  .   was  about her papa loca . nice
__label__neg went on saturday jan 19 2013. nngiven the rough reviews of late we decided to give it a try anyway as my family rooted for angelo in top chef . to keep it brief we found out he wasnt cooking and was in nyc . i want to give them the benefit of the doubt given its only been 19 days since opening ... the staff was running around giving food to tables that didnt order the food ... our food was either waaaay too salty or under seasoned ... it was comical almost . some good points ... our server was nice and we were comped 13 of our meal and apologized to by the mau00eetre d numerous times . but the bad really shadowednoeclipsed it . nnwhen you go youll be greeted by a large sign with by chef  sosa written  . i dont know the reason why he would have his name in that scale and not be there at the very least for the very  opening month that the restaurant needs his guidance the most . its  perplexing . nnwhat we had n1 . pot stickers good texture but swimming in sauce and bit sweetn2 . burger under seasoned burnt bun and the fries were so salty.n3 . kim chi fried rice i get it that its nice to have some char but man dry and seemingly undercooked rice was not the crunch its  to have.n4 . chicken wings my kid had this and it was ... wow ... the breading was wow ... not in a good way hugen5 . tomato soup it was good ... thank goodnessn6 . salad sorry cant remember which one ... but if you can believe this ... it was so salty . salad . salty . im so confused . n7 . dessert chips and ice cream was decent and strawberry shortcake was ok. these were comped items.n8 . tap water i swear im not being a jerk by including this ... there is something not right with the water ... go ahead  it . it seriously has a bad taste . nni digress . chef sosa i know youre reading this . you need to fly back like right now . your name is on the sign .
__label__pos  i would only eat hotdogs at a bbq and only if there was nothing else to eat . i hate  . but my  was craving them and i refused to cook some up for him . so we ended up here . nnim so glad we did . i went a head and  a chili  dog and fries . i love  . i was pleasantly surprised about how good the whole dog was i ate it all . the fries are seasoned and  great too . nnthey had the  game on when we entered . another bonus
__label__neg    so   hat  dem gehen wir nicht   .
__label__pos   ...  about 10   .  great food . everything is made from scratch including pasta . flavors galorennwife had lasagna but not what we expected . they make it with bolanese meat sauce the tomato sauce loaded with the rich cream added meat . absolutely delicious . we ate it all with  zeal and comment.nni had the linguini with mussels in fradiablo sauce . outstanding in every respect . about a dozen mussels i did not actually count they but it was lotsa dem . the sauce was spicy but pleasantly so . lips mildly burning and so with back of throat . flavorful and so good that i was using my spoon to take up the rest of the sauce and then wiped it clean with a piece of bread . would have licked it but accomplished the same as a true gentle man with bread for sopping.nnside salad was a work of art with mixed greens olives and very thinly sliced red onion . dressing was a citrus vinaigrette so mild that i added some olive oil but that is just me . it truly was wonderful.nnservice a bit slow but being open only  weeks allowed me to excuse them . nnit is the best italian we have had on charlotte . will be going back for dinner . red and black decor was classy and comfortable.nngreat date place.nnexcellent and a candidate with high potential for five stars .
__label__pos big news there is now a tempe location of thrive . so if youve been dying to go but gilbert is too far away you now have no excuse . go immediately . even if you dont live near tempe either its worth the trip . and even if youve never heard of thrive or acai bowls you should  go.nnwhether you are a superfood enthusiast or so clueless about this stuff that you think its pronounced ahkay you will not regret going to thrive . its ahsighyee by the way.nni a vegan took my bigmaceating boyfriend and we ordered a chocolate peanut butter acai bowl . i immediately loved the think creamy rich taste and texture of the acai blended with homemade peanut butter and pure cacao topped with fresh fruit never frozen at this place dont worry and simple crunchy granola . although my boyfriend  that he wouldnt like my weird vegan stuff we were  fighting over the  few bites . so go immediately and drag as   as you can.nnside note even though its a bit pricey its because the  are such high quality . and as an added plus they have a rewards system so go now . and as often as possible .
__label__pos great  and great  . i  the kale chicken  in a  and the    .
__label__neg my wife and i come to vegas each year for a conference and have eaten here often this last time though the  was  sub par . our  danny made zero effort to  and see if the kitchen could make my wife two eggs for her  food allergies and brought us the wrong sides . my wife couldnt eat and i got the  thing . i think well keep walking next time and  at the border  .
__label__pos an      a    eureka . very bizarre . i will definitely return for the bao though . nnfor those of you unfamiliar with baos a bao is a steamed bun with some sort of filling associated with chinese cuisine.ntried both the duck and pork belly bao . delicious the pork belly was braised perfectly melt in your mouth tender and i loved the crispy skin on the duck . i prefer the pork belly bao over the duck bao but its all subjective . nnthe short rib grilled cheese was ok not great . the short rib was on the drier side and i wasnt a fan of the tomato sauce that came with it . maybe they could incorporate different cheeses instead of just using cheddar cheese .
__label__pos great   and    .   inside and out with some  staff as well .
__label__neg the  sandwich is terrible the  are terrible the  chocolate is not bad . i came back a 2nd  because i had a coupon .   and they would not accept the coupon .  location was listed expiration date  manager present refused .
__label__neg we called tnp to replace two gates in our yard . jimmy showed up on time and the work was done quickly . he made gates very similar to a photo i chose off the internet and they were installed very quickly . thats where the positive experience ended . our  gate is hung crooked . when my husband pointed this out to him he stated that its because the wall that it attaches to isnt level . that may be the case but being as we arent the experts id prefer to have the expert point that out to us while doing the work rather than us discover it and feel like  is being hidden from us.nthe back gate was obviously not measured for properly and there is a 5.5 gap between the ground and the bottom gate . our two small dogs can  squeeze under this gap so now we have some lovely bricks underneath our  new gate to keep that from happening . to  a good amount of money for 2 gates that arent secure now and arent level is such a waste of money . we asked him to come out to fix at least the back gate which instead of him remeasuring and making a correctsized gate meant cutting the frame and moving the gate down not my idea of making the job right but he  showed up on the scheduled day . didnt call either . its very disappointing that most contractors dont put pride into their  and seem to  away with taking your money for a shoddy job .
__label__pos as soon as i pulled up to this place i saw  but high end vehicles i thought to myself oh no  shop to try to take advantage of me being regular  in regular car once i arrived inside was i was greeted by mike and then we went outside to assess the damage on my vehicle he seemed very  and was very friendly his quote was very reasonable so i decided to go with him when i got my car back my car was  as  thanks  and  exclusive customs
__label__pos le  est charmant cest en   son compagnon de la rue beaubien avec plus despace maintenant enfin ... nnun menu imaginatif de multiples variations sur le thu00e8me du du00e9jeuner la palette  u00e9tendue au delu00e0 de ce quon trouve habituellement pour  matin.nnvaut mieux sassurer davoir une conversation entre les bouchu00e9es pour ne pas sempiffrer car les assiettes sont gu00e9nu00e9reuses.nnexcellent endroit pour passer un bon moment ensemble dans une ambiance sans flafla sans cu00e9ru00e9monie . les boiseries ajoutent cette touche quon cherche pour  faire un endroit 
__label__neg i have tried this place twice . this time i went all out and got the onion rings . they try to make up for lack of taste with size . i ordered a large and it is  a  . but when you get down to it it is only 7 rings . one thing about onion rings is you need to use savory onions along with a great tasting batter . neither of these two main things were present . the batter is flavorless and falls off into one big mess . the onions were so hard they were not even cooked . when  foods you need to make sure things are fully cooked . in this case size makes no difference . nnive had the burgers there and are generally bleh same as  else . nothing special . flavorless  with so much toppings you are wondering if you are eating a topping sandwich  of a hamburger . nnnot worth the  prices and bad onion rings .
__label__pos my experience with  payne and staff was  ... . not only did they take such good care of me they took care of my entire family . i recently went back in to buy my  pair of   sunglasses and they not only helped me find just the right ones for my face they treated me like a celebrity . and the best part is they  me such a smoking  . i would never go  else .
__label__neg i  two different entrees and really wasnt satisfied with my meal . the  wasnt  or anything ... just wasnt  . overrated and  . i was   shrimp and grits and it wasnt on the menu .
__label__pos taco taco . from my last review  5 months ago to now the only thing thats  is the price . i spend 40 cents more for lunch than i used to . but ill gladly pay it for an al pastor burrito that is unlike anything else ive ever had . the chips are made fresh every day . and over the past few months and many visits ive only seen the salsa  run low on salsa once ... .and they took care of it fast . the mexican coke is ice cold and service is fast and friendly . nnthe 5 stars i gave out months ago is still just as valid today as it was then . when i have family come in from out of state this is where i bring them . everyone in my family loves this  so  so that social media checkins prompt a round of i wish i was there  every time . nn5 stars and a bump to my best of las vegas and failsafe food lists . again all of it earned . they just celebrated their 1st anniversary and with food this good it certainly wont be their last  .
__label__pos this is my favorite  restaurant . service is absolutely wonderful food is  and i   to a place that that just feels   . my  and i have tried any dishes and each one  a favorite
__label__neg  visit  was  but  was  .   for a second  tuesday at noon . the doors were locked and no one in sight . their hours monthurs on the front door state they open at 1130. very odd ...
__label__pos reading these reviews is confusing for me either this  is reading their reviews and fixing the  or people have no  what mexican food should taste like . i have traveled to 17 states in mexico and  have i had food this fresh and  seasoned . margaritas  fundido and  de leu00f1a al fuego were all delicious . i will be back next  when i return from mexico .
__label__neg when you walk through the door youre greeted with an amazing smell reminded me of when my dad would cook meat in our smoker with apple wood chips when we were kids . second was how great the restaurant looked it was clean and inviting . the bartender smiled and waved at us like we were old friends and told us to have a seat  ... time was 1222nnso far were off to a great start . so what possibly could have went wrong to cause a 2 star review our service . nnthe bartender brought us over some menus and explained that we could order brunch or lunch brought us some chips and salsa then went back to the bar we didnt see any other server in the restaurant so for a while we thought she was just ignoring us . so we sat and sat and sat waiting for our  server to come by . keep in mind there were 3 other tables in the restaurant one was just leaving so well call it two . nnlets touch on the chips and salsa . i loved the chips they were fantastic however the salsa was not a dipping salsa it had a wonderful flavor and would have been great on a taco salad why dont you have taco  or poured on the top of a burrito but it was horrible for dipping chips . there were no chunks it was the consistency of hot sauce . nnfinally our server greeted us with her presence she walked up and didnt say hi im soandso ill be taking care of you folks today or welcome to lenero have you been here before or even just hello instead she said what can i get you to drink . i almost responded with an hi im fine thank you for asking but i refrained . we ordered our drinks and i asked for an order of guacamole its 1231 at this point 9 min after walking in the door . nnthere we sat bored with our chips and salsa read every yelp review of lenero discussed our plans for rest of the day etc . our server finally came by to ask if we were ready to order . not by asking if we were ready or if we had any questions . she walked up and in her snotty tone said what do you want . seriously thats not how you talk to someone i was so taken aback by her attitude i decided right then and there we will not be back . this food would have to be sent straight from the heavens for it to tip the scales back in the favor of the restaurant . nni ordered the chicken tacos and my bf ordered the enchiladas . as she was walking away he mentioned to her were still waiting on our guac its been over  min at this point . she seemed surprised by our request to  the guacamole almost like she just plain forgot i even ordered it . nnfinally our guacamole came . twentyone minutes after ordering it . by this time the appeal of chips and guac was completely gone . she gave a million excuses about how there were steaks that needed to be cooked and the cook is extremely busy . the only other table in the place had already gotten their food and was about to leave . that left one table of folks . youre telling me the cook couldnt manage to toss some guacamole together because he was too busy making steaks for the one table in the restaurant she  us it was on the house . that was nice but i would have  of paid for it and have received it 16 min ago . nnfinally the  came over to apologize for the guacamole taking so long and explained that the cook is new and he went in order of the tickets arriving and needed to prepare the food for the owners family first . so ive been sitting here hungry because the owner needed to eat and that took priority nnour lunch came out pretty fast and my tacos were good what the menu doesnt mention is they are street tacos not normal sized ones . which was fine by me but i could see where someone else wouldnt have been impressed with 4 really small tacos . the enchilada was also good but the menu should clarify it is a spicy dish . while we both love spice again i can see how someone else would not have liked it . if my mom had ordered it she wouldnt have been able to eat it the dish was that spicy . nnbottom line is we do not have any intentions on coming back . while the food was good it wasnt phenomenal . the salsa was not ideal for chips and salsa and the service was horrible . its been a long time since ive had a server that snobby . she should be really lucky we left her 20 because she certainly did not deserve it im having tippers regret .
__label__neg wife and recently moved to the area and this was the first place we decided to try as aesthetically it jumped out and seemed fun . that much stayed true the inside has a great vibe not that  and had a live musician playing in a little balcony overlooking the restaurant.nnbeyond that the experience was the exact 2star definition of meh . ive had better . it took us almost 30 minutes to get seated and we were hardly even acknowledged by the wait staff . after being seated drinks took another 15 minutes and food order was another 20 minutes and 15  more before the appetizer came out . speaking of which the queso fundito was the one thing highly raved about here yet ours came out as a lukewarm solid mass of cheesenot the dipable queso we anticipated . in all from the time we arrived to the time we left took nearly  hours.nnthe entrees were ok i dont really have complaints there other than it may be a bit pricey for what it was  my wifes burrito it was huge and only like 8. however its likely nothing impressed me because of how irritated i was with how long everything was taking.nnour server maybe she was a manager was trying really hard and did apologize for the wait on everything . she did mention that there was a party of 20 in there which led to the delays . while i can empathize with this it didnt seem as if this party put the restaurant over capacity of what a busy friday night might  be so they should have been  accordingly not to mention we were sat well after they were so the food orders were plenty staggered.nnmaybe ill try it again and see if it goes better well see .
__label__neg this place is over lated ... my husband and i decided to try this place because the review is high and i always love to try a new spotespecially the japanese onenwhen we arrivedthere were 3 groupsnot including usand a customer at the bar . looked like 2 groups were already done they were just talking.nnwe orderd green saladkaeaageshrimp tempura rollhamachikamagyutansushi and ikurasushi.we also tried samuel smiths apple cider beer.it was really goodnwhen we finish ordering  left the restaurantso it was just usthe other and some at the bar.nnthe first thing i thought was how many people working in this restaurantni saw at lease 5people working around the floor.ni understand its because they want to care every customers i think.nand i thought everybody who works at the restaurant was nice in the beginning.nnwe got a salad firstit was okaynothing specialbut i loved pear in it.nsecondkaraage was served.we liked little  tast.nthen ... we waited so long to get our entire mealover an hournand at this pointthe server started to avoid us.nwe of cause  karaagewe are not fast eater.we eat dishse slowly especialy when we drink alcohol . and we kinda sarted getting annoyed.i dont know why it took sooo long to make our dishes.when the restaurant is really busyi totally understandbut this slow and i dont think the other group orderd a lot of food.nwhen the manager came to our tablei asked her about our sushiroll and kamathen she saied we want you to forcus our dishse one by onenreallynwe were too tired to forcus each dishes.nfinallywe got sushiroll and kama.it didnt come at one timewe waited so long to get each dishes.our mood was already bad and we wanted to get out hereso it maybe is good tastbut we didnt feel any good ways especially the kama was not tast good.ni think every server noticed that our  is not goodso nobody came to our table so it was hard to get our check.then i put my card with my billnobody returned so i changed to  by cash.nnyou got many serverswhy nobody can care usornnobody care uswhy you got many serversnbad servicewe will never come back.nnwhy 2starsnbecause one server brought us a fruits dish.she didnt say because of the slow serviceshe just  us it is free.but it cant cover all our bad experience here .
__label__neg i needed to have my oil changed so i was near by and decided to  out this place . i dont know a lot about cars and mistake that i made was to trust the staff of cobblestone to navigate me in the right direction with proper and honest information . nni did replace the oil . the staff of cobblestone insisted that i need to change 2 filters and recommend a coolant flush in my car and said it would be better for the air i am breathing as well as the car itself . i trusted them and decided to replace 2 of the filters and hold off on the 90 coolant flush . nnafter 110 dollars later i had my oil replaced as well as 2 filters in the car . i was also  for additional oil without my consultation . when that was address all i was told is that i should have been  of that . after speaking with my boyfriend it turned out that  of the filters had just recently been replaced by lexus in the last 45  as well as the coolant flush had been preformed during that same time . nni have attempted to put in my complaint with the manager however i was basically told whats been done has been done . sorry.nnso whats most important in all of this is that cobblestones sales strategy is to recommend thing that your car needs to have replaced based on manufacture recommend mileage even if you just completed the services the day before and by  observation you dont need itnnnreply to the comment oh you sure did . no one doubted the transaction whatsoever my concern was the fact that your technician directly looked at the filter and knew it didnt have to be replaced but still insisted that it will be better if i do it . dishonesty is what i would call it . nwe  you the opportunity to address this as you clearly showed you were not very concerned with a disappointed customer . nunless your will  this and handle it properly no there is no chance for you to earn my business back .
__label__neg whats the big friggin deal about portillos nnstopped by for lunch after picking up my sisters  gift at tempe   to find out especially with many of my friends  its praises.nnblech thats what.nnsoggy  tasteless relish meh hot dog.nnalso split a dipped italian beef with dude and it was  chewing on grease . no and not just because it was ordered dipped . nnive had better at  local eatery ran by a native chicagoan.nnfreezeraisle esque crinkle cut fries . charging for prepackaged ranch as andrea s. already mentioned.n nthis type of food by its nature isnt the most wholesome but it left me nauseous as all get out for the rest of the day . nnnot a big hot dog fan to begin with so maybe im not the most reliable reviewer ... but theres definitely better dogs to be  in the phoenix area . nnperhaps this was an off day for portillos however not sure if ill be back for a round two .
__label__pos pdq is awesome the  was great . we received out order very quickly and  has hot and fresh . the staff was very friendly and  . the  of the restaurant was clean and modern . would definitely  this place and will be  next  im close by . get a milkshake too ... you wont  it
__label__pos ive heard so many good things about their acai bowl for the longest time i wasnt sure how it was pronounced and it turns out ive been saying it incorrectly its pronounced ahsahee . youre welcome.nnthe acai part of the bowl is a blend of  acai  strawberries and nonfat frozen yogurt and your choice of coconut milk soy milk or apple juice . it is topped with granola coconut shavings two choices of  and your choice of agave nectar or honey . nni ordered mine with coconut milk mixed berries banana and agave nectar . the mixed berries include strawberry blueberry raspberries and cranberries . i couldnt figure out what one of the berries were so it  me  to figure out it was cranberries . i didnt really like them in the bowl since they were too tart while everything else was  . i definitely suggest getting a large since its just a dollar difference.nnthe acai bowl was very refreshing especially on hot summer  it did taste good but it felt like something was missing . i was expecting more . i thought it would be a thicker consistency with a lot of flavor it was just light in flavor . ive never had an acai bowl before so i dont have anything to  it to . i would still come back and order it again thoughnnill be back to try some of the other items on the menu
__label__pos a experience jeremy and the vegas party vip team provided service that far exceeded any expectation vip experience that our  will never forget . will be sending everyone i know to vegas party vip and will be using the service again.nnbackground we are locals who wanted to have a nice ladies night out at the clubs . as a local we have many choices but we didnt want to stress over the planning . we contacted jeremy and gave him a little info on where we  to go and some  on us so he could  some other clubs we might enjoy . he gave us several solid choices for the night . we choose beachers and had a the best time there . i cant  into  how fantastic it was and cant thank jeremy enough for  and arranging our entry and table . nnpros super attentive and professional servicen easy to communicate with and quick and thorough responsesn has access to the best of the best nightlifeclubs in townn cares about their clients and their experiencen nni super highly recommend their services .
__label__pos  is the man hes  care of me multiple  and always delivers the   and service . i highly  him to all  and  .
__label__neg great  . tight machines . players benefits going downhill .  leave all vip   at  . no take home on  . vip dinners arent so vip . non vip   better . shrimp dinners are a joke .
__label__pos i cant begin to tell you how disappointed i was that i missed both the elite event and the sunday brunch club here . im a  fan of brunch and im always on the lookout for somewhere new to try to see if they beat toast in marchmont current reigning champion for the best brunch in edinburgh . nnthankfully ive now been to the blue bear a few times and it really is a fantastic restaurant for brunch . the food is phenomenal and generously portioned . the first time i went for brunch and had the big bear their equivalent of a full breakfast i couldnt finish it all . this was problematic for me as the food tasted so good that i didnt want to stop eating despite starting to make myself feel sick from being overfull . the big bear also comes with teacoffee and juice which is generous but way too much for me which leads to feelings of guilt that i cant  my juice . nnive also had the waffles here which are also a popular choice . its disappointing that they dont have pancakes on the menu or not that ive seen as im much more partial to a pancake than a waffle . they are however very flexible in changing things on the menu . the last  i came here for food i had brought my eight year old and very fussy eater niece with me . she wanted waffles but not a full portion maple syrup and bananas please . our waiter was kind enough to charge us a half portion of waffles and sort out the bananas for us . they werent on the menu at all . having a server who understands the pickiness of  is amazing and makes a trip out with a little un less anxiety  as you worry what you can get them to eat . nnthe staff here are amazingly friendly and welcoming which makes  back a real pleasure . im not  its nicked the  spot of best brunch in edinburgh yet but its certainly working on it and that means im definitely going to have keep going back until i can make up my mind .
__label__neg ive heard about this place from others and through rave online reviews so i  that they might be able to help me . maybe the reviews were from their friendsfamily or people whom were spending hundreds if not thousands of dollars so there was more motivation behind the service . whatever the case is i was denied service . i asked for a mini crown made out of inexpensive flowers for my nieces birthday and because im a disabled vet and not able to use my right hand for something of this  . with a  like gods garden treasures they should live the word instead of using it as a marketable business tool . save your  earned cah and go to the floral shop in the  corner of  and 48th  where the jack in the box is located . i ended up getting my crown and they earned a customer for  .
__label__neg wasnt too impressed first time around thought id give it a  chance . im writing this review from my toilet i know not too classy  well trying to get the message across . i  dinner there just about an hour ago five minutes ago i was doubled over with the worst stomach  that i can  . the food was subpar oily low quality mexican yuck . i will never   eat there at your own risk
__label__pos   .   . i   the  st. salad and vegan crane asada burrito . wonderful staff .
__label__neg this restaurant has always been one of my favorites . it has been through three transformations by the same owners . as a burrito  it was one of the best . i was a little disappointed when they restructured it to be c.a.s.a . but quickly fell in love with their unique sandwiches . our work time crew frequently suggested this restaurant for lunch . we indulged in sandwiches such as the fidel and their amazing og burger ... until today . this is their first day of a new menu consisting mostly of burritos . our lunch party was shocked . our favorite selections were now  and in its place were  burrito choices . my choice was the 11 chinese buffet . a burrito with fried rice spring rolls and orange fried chicken . sounds glorious right the rice did not taste good and there was too much of it . the orange chicken was good but i was set off by the spring roles that remind me of the sort you find at the grocery store . the rest of my party of 6 were not  by their selections either . the only approval was a coworker who selected the bbq chicken with coleslaw and macaroni and cheese . this is possibly the only edible thing on the menu . nnhad they taken contents of the  menu and put them in burrito form it may have been  . the fidel in a burrito og burger with fried egg in a burrito glorious.nnenough about the food . there were some other issues . this is the first day of their menu so some of this may be somewhat excusable . our food took a long time with one of our party waiting over 15  for his meal while the rest of the group was eating . you would think that on their first day of a new menu they would ask their regulars for input.nnc.a.s.a . is now removed from our selection of lunchtime restaurants .
__label__neg after dining at beaver choice tonite i  to read a few reviews before writing mine . incredible how many people experienced lengthy waits for their food . we waited well over an hour for our entrees . the owner  that two chefs called out sick from out of town apparently enjoying the holidays but that wouldnt explain the other reviewers who had similar experiences the other eleven months of the year . the food was all good . my wife and i both had the jager schnitzel . the sides especially the beets with  were very good as well . one reviewer who  there a month ago said they were out of  potato dumplings . well theyre still out of them . the  list is small inexpensive and unimpressive . there are no  on draft . the best part was after we left and i discovered i left my visa there . i returned only ten minutes later and the owner didnt seem to remember me . then she suggested that a lot of people think they forgot to take their card implying that maybe i left it somewhere else . to make a long story short it was still in the waitress pocket . the owner doesnt know how to run a restaurant and we wont be back . if i want a great schnitzel well just have to return to germany or  they know how to cook and serve .
__label__pos the open kitchen really allows you to get an appreciation for how much the chefs  around and never stop . the food was superb . the triple fried fries were  and  light . the braised shoulder brought me  to my  . it fell apart under my  and the taste was immaculate . the lamb burger was succulent and the  sprout cesear is a light option that had amazing flavors . the only downside of this place is that it is very  and hard to hear the people you are eating with .
__label__pos decent    with  .   is great lots of  cocktails  beer list good wine list . hoping to try actual dinner sometime here .
__label__pos   to come and go at this location i missed the  one . came like the day after it shut its  so i wasnt going to be left out this  . glad i went had the stand cheeseburger fries and a banana shake it was all good.love the huge straws  forward to making it back to try some of those tacos nnlets see if we can keep this  going and break that bad location mojo .
__label__neg just  there for the first time . ill kept it  . i want you guys to succeed but couple things . change your tortillas they taste like generic food city tortillas . then buy a comal if you dont know what that is google it its for heating tortillas rub a little oil on the first  to give it a  texture . meats good salsa is good too . the staff was very nice and  very interested in what the guest thought .  you take this in a  light but when having such a small menu everything has got to be good . good  will try again in the future
__label__pos its good not  but i really did enjoy the food that was on my plate . nnangus beef burger with  bun and a fried   just for fun.nnfood portion wise plenty  wise not spendynambiance . ..definitely not trendy.nnthe smoky  is so not good for younbut that 2 hot fudge sundae is food for younnso give it a try you know with a place thats clean and gets grade as you wont die nnbut seriously the  did not disappoint  is easy going and friendly . casual style diner . order and pay first before you get a table . wild grill is located in the center of wildfire casino .
__label__neg food   starsnnservice   star  came out very slow given that there were only 2 tables at the time . the server did not write down my order . i asked my soup to be mild but it came out spicy . i think all of the above was not very bad until i asked for the check and told her that i would like to use the yelp deal . she brought me the bill and specifically requested me to tip her 18 of the original amount before coupon . she even added that some customers dont understand you know . thats why i want to tell you i would have given her tip anyway but for the service totally not 18 and of course totally not 18 when she asked for it
__label__pos mingo is all about having a good time and is one of the restaurants that is keeping up with the atmosphere downtown  vegas has created . very relaxed fun and communitycentric . nnthe food here does not  itself very seriously and thats not a bad thing at all . the food here is  designed to make you feel comfortable yet   you feel as though you arent eating at home . a perfect example of this is their open faced egg sandwich . this is a meal any college student is probably vaguely familiar with due to its simplicity and deliciousness . mingo however takes that feeling of comfort adds some delicious fotina gruyere avocado and thick cut  and serves a sandwich that is unforgettable.nni highly recommend this restaurant if you are simply looking for a place to   eat drink and feel cultured .
__label__neg i hate writing bad reviews but this was one time where i think its my duty to ward off as many people as possible . sure this place doesnt advertise as being fancy or modern . we got it because it was cheap and close enough for comfort to the city especially for the price . we stayed there in august sorry late review and from the moment we stepped into our dingy room i knew i was not going to be happy . granted we did not spend much time outside of sleeping in this room thank god but the minimal time we spent there was horrible . the entire place smelled musty and old our window faced a dingy alleyway the air conditioner was old and barely capable of working . nnlets get to the worst part ... nthere was a mouse in our room . nn the  night we came back into the room and i hear my mother shriek and we see a little white thing scurry across the floor . to be certain we made sure it was a mouse before complaining ... we waited for it to come out from under the dresser and run back to the air conditioner . we looked through all of our bags to make sure  was  and there were no other mice and immediately went to tell the person working at the front desk . they very hesitantly moved us to another room which gave them their 1 star and we did not see them even looking to catch the mouse as far as we know ... its still there . the  at the desk promised to write this up in a report and return us money for that one night not the rest of the stay because we only have 2 nights left and figured we might as well suck it up like adults . i checked back everyday we were there and the manager never came up to talk to us nor made the time we  to meet . i  him twice to ask for a refund and nothing happened ... he didnt so much as  . nnmy family isnt big on complaining and we could deal with the place but the minute that mouse came out and they did nothing to help us.. we knew we were in for a bad bad ride .
__label__pos been here twice for dinner and its been goodnnfood decent able to cater for gluten free which also includes providing bread which is always a nice touch.nnboth times ive been here ive had  as starter and a couple of weeks ago my fish main course was perfectly cooked salmon which i devoured.nnits worth  online for deals . we came previously for a friends birthday three  and  matched  for  . incredibly good value nnit is a hotel restaurant so if you are looking for atmosphere then you may have to  you own but you will be guaranteed a lovely meal with great service
__label__neg i have recently found myself on a lowcarb high   . for that reason i thought greens and proteins would be right up my alley . i visited their  valley location and found the food to be a healthy alternative but a little on the pricey side compared to other restaurants that offer similar  rachels kitchen daily wellness etc.nnabout a week  i decided to give the greens and proteins location at flamingo and the 215 a try and i was greatly disappointed . the service was very slow and when i brought the issue to the managers attention his reaction was trite and condescending . he did nothing to rectify the situation and told me i had no reason to complain . when i went to eat my togo order an ostrich burger lettuce wrap i found it was topped with a rotten avocado and it was  the  bacon i ordered . nnfor the price point my meal was 18 i found the service and  to be lacking . on the upside after reading another negative yelp review of this establishment i found a great nearby healthy alternative restaurant that i will be returning to for sure .
__label__neg ok service . out of the 4  drinks 2 were correct and the  were  flavor not fresh . it  about  for them to  the order . they dont  1  .
__label__neg you get what you pay for i guess.nnits two  from the strip so its convenient . however its so close to the airport that the noise of helicopters and airplanes  over you as you  to sleep  you want to kill yourself.nnthe rooms are  and very below average.nnthe service kinda  too.nnif youre looking for  go elsewhere .
__label__neg took these  5 hours to put 2 rear brake pads on my  . couldve  my child how to do it  . only   was family  was on the  the whole time . never again
__label__pos small location with limited seating . it only accepts cash and the menu is slightly limited . but the few things i tried the fried pork over rice and curry  are both delicious and cheap . the fried pork was juicy with a crunch fried outside . the curry was also   . the food is slightly on the  side and wouldnt be  if there is a bit of msg in it . in general i would prefer it over the  asian  little asia lulus noodles oriental express . but because of the limited menu ill visit little asia occasionally .
__label__pos love love  this  honest mechanics   . i feel   every time i come here to get my car serviced . the  communicate clearly to you about your car so that you  at ease and understand whats going on . i recommend everyone i know to them .
__label__neg if i could give 0  i would the food itself really isnt the issue . i have been to east  wings in other cities and the food is decent . i moved here a year ago and we had our first experience here . the  was awful it took 1520 minutes just for the server to come and take our drink order . they brought the  food for my date and when we said  they argued with us that it was what we ordered . i decided that maybe it was a bad night for them and a couple months  went back to order food for take out . it took 45 minutes and when i  the girl where my food was it had been sitting behind the bar for 20 minutes and they just forgot about it insane they seriously need to  their staff and obviously management if they havent caught on .
__label__neg we love the wings and pizza here but now we will only  carry out . the service here is ridiculous . we have   times to come back to see if it was just a bad  . however every time we come back the service has just gotten worse . today we walked in to the bar with 5 people at the bar bartender and i made  contact and she went and talked to someone at the other end of the bar . we sat and waited . on the tvs at the bar there were two michigan vs penn state tvs  with nascar and 2 with baseball . no pac 10 games . the bartender changed the channel when my husband asked but its the final straw for us . buffalo   is right around the corner . why suffer through poor service
__label__pos no  and well go  again for further exploration . the kitchen menu is pretty  . i like a sushi place that has other items that are easy to peruse and choose . we had the salmon with sweet corn and loved it . eager to  our way through the other kitchen items . the sushi was fine it didnt blow my  but it was very good and honestly its nice to have a sushi place right in the middle of it all . this is a very welcome and classy  to desert  right by the theater and good  to lame old san felipes .
__label__neg this is the worst store ive ever been to . i walked in ready to spend some serious cash and not a single person would help me . oh a couple of salesman sat and watched tv and a couple of other salesman made eye contact with me and started to  toward me but then stopped and turned around . oh  i went to frys market  and bought a great leather loveseat a  room  and an  center . i spent almost 1000.00 there and the staff was  great . i dont recommend pruitts to anyone go to frys .
__label__pos they  to  employees and have a  for those of us who  to have a cocktail before during and after a movie . its in a great  with  of  and bars with in  of the theater .
__label__neg im pissed . nwent for a prerelease screening as ive done at this location before and it was so unbelievably poorly set upnni arrived as i usually do with more than enough time to spare . the line was made outside 110 degrees thanks and went all the way around the corner of the theater wrapped back around past the  past the trees and up across the main front steps . nfine enough those who are unemployed were  to loiter in front of the theater all day and formed a line at 2pm for a 7pm movie ugh so i figured if we werent getting in we werent getting in . disappointing but not a big deal.. i took the risk and stayed because i watched as more people continued to show up and no one turned them away . nnwith that said i have a huge issue with the following ... nnthey had a specific amount of tickets ready to hand out . they could have easily  them out and let the rest of us go home at the very least they could have done that after the  and a half we spent in line once it got slightly shorter.nnseriously . its not a difficult concept . got 15 tickets in your hand  out 15 people to give tickets to . i just dont understand why they kept us waiting for absolutely no reason . and with no explanation at any point ... nthey had three employees collecting the tickets we printed at home and it was completely unnecessary ... .one was handing out the  passes and two females just stood there sweating . uh k nby 7pm there was absolutely no end in sight so we left ... . which probably means they screwed something up and were behind schedule . thanks for wasting my time
__label__pos we went here for the first time tonight . we frequent two other froyo places that are in the area but this one is closer to our home and new so we decided to check it out.nnupon walking in it was very clean and bright . lots of open space and plenty of seating . nright away i was happy to see that they offer a very small kids cup . this is great for me because it is easier to keep my kids portions smaller this way . yay nnthe topping selection was smaller than a nearby  but there was quite a bit of variety . since easter was this past weekend there were several easter candy varieties to choose from . nnthere was  a backup to get to the toppings and to the registers as there was only one girl working the register . there are 2 registers available and it might make better  to have both running . nnthere was a sign on the front door listing all the promotions that they offer during the week . 20 off one day bogo another etc . i was  to see this as their regular pricing at 42 centsoz is a bit higher than other nearby  . normally for my family of 5 wed  about 20 for a froyo outing . but the smaller kids cups combined with the tuesday promotion of bogo we spent a whopping 7. yeah . mommy likes thatnnwell go back . especially on a promo night to save a few bucks .
__label__neg stayed at the hakone suite room is  and thats where satisfaction with this hotel stops . i have never experienced a hotel with so many service recovery issues . i must have heard the word sorry 20 times in 2 days . its nice to have staff sorry after a mistake but you cant survive in a business that can not make it right the first time . we  at 1pm and the nice front desk person said hakone suite is not clean yet i will put in a special request for priority cleaning . we came back 2 hours later and oops not ready yet . the front desk guy said it takes 3 hours to clean the hakone suite and we said bs . i later talked to the maids who clean that suite and they said it takes 30 minutes . we decided screw the upgrade we were willing to  for and checked into a deluxe king . minutes later the hotel manager  me in the room and says sorry please stay in that room we will transfer you to the hakone suite very soon . well 2 hours later after 4  no one had called i called and they said oh yes it is ready we will send up someone to transfer your luggage . sorry.nnnext morning we order breakfast food service . i ordered 3 eggs and when it was delivered  in this hotel when you order an egg you get 2 eggs so i got a total of six eggs . lol . i called the room service back and said maybe you should tell people that . he muttered sorry . so i sit down to eat the breakfast and the sour dough toast could have been used in the la king hockey games as a hockey puck . i called and oops they said sorry we had to order the toast from caesars kitchen and it took a long time for it to get here . really lol . the maids never called room service to pick up the dishes that were there when they cleaned . oops . another sorry.nnthe  manager called on check out morning and said she would call me back as she wanted to talk to me probably to give one of the many nobu sorrys . well she never did call back but it shows that a fish rots from the head down . it starts at the top.nnso if you love beautiful suites nobu is for you but dont even think about getting good service and the transparency on the truth of a situation because the team at  is clueless . sorry .
__label__pos i was pleasantly  that the fitness center was included with the luxor room the convenience fee covered the cost . even though i read this really fine print in the materials we received at check in ... . i still expected to pay an additional fee like most other hotels on the strip . once i got over that i was expecting a small 2 treadmill gym and man was i wrong this is a full gym with plenty of treadmills and stationary bikes and 6 ellipticals . there is a full set of free weights bench press with its own full set of weights . medicine balls 5 yoga  ab rollers  stepper exercise  plenty of tvs positioned in front of the machines . they had sanitary wipes to clean the machines before and after you  them . they provided towels and water i was really impressed the luxor got it right nni posted lots of pictures the center is located in the west tower casino floor level inside the spa and near the pool . if youre looking for it then you cant  it . it was great to get a workout in with all these buffets around .
__label__neg    a      pizza and wings . pizza very bland too much sauce . mushrooms you could tell were from a can or jar and placed under the cheese . wings hardly had any flavor or sauce for being medium ranch was watered down .
__label__neg studio movie grill is like a sad shell of what mez used to be.nnwhile mez had its problems before studio movie grill took over paying higher price for regular seating they called it premium seating smg added a host of other issues.nnfirst ill hit on some positives and as to why i didnt rate it as 1 star . we bought the 5 groupon and ordering tickets online was a breeze and picking your seats beforehand is a really good idea and i think that movie theaters should all implement some sort of seating arrangement so that you dont walk in to the theater with 5 people only to find that you have to split up or sit in the very front row . the web experience is awesome.nnnow ... on to the concerns ... ..i thought at first that the idea of a moviedinner hybrid would be a good idea . i was wrong . i went to this theater twice after buying the groupon . the first time when i got to my seat it was covered in a white powdery liquid like someone had a baby and it upchucked on the seat or something . we told one of the waiters just to see if we could get it cleaned or get a towel or something to sit on ... and then they said they would be right back . so i stood ... .and waited ... and waited ... ..20 minutes went by before i grabbed another staff member and asked them to clean it . after that i waited another 10 minutes before a staff member came by with what looked like a spray bottle and a paper towel and tried to spray it down . no luck . all the waiter said was thats pretty gross i wouldnt sit there either . sorry theres not much i can do ... ..not let me see if i can find you another seat or we are sorry have a free movie on us or anything . it was just suck it up and sit in the goo or go home . my wife slid over in her seat and we pretty much shared one  for the entire movie.nnupon leaving we had our parking validated ... meaning one of the staff members  at the ticket acted like she was doing something to it and then handed it back . when we left the parking garage we found out that it wasnt validated all the staff member had done was just write an x on it or poked a hole in it or something . we had to pay an extra 10 for parking.nnthe second time we went was just as unpleasant . this time we were able to get seats that were decent . we got to our seats and placed our order which was just popcorn and a soda . that was all we ordered . about 10 minutes later the guy next to me ordered a hamburger and a couple other things . 20 minutes later once the movie started the guy who ordered the hamburger received his meal . we were still waiting . it wasnt until 30 minutes into iron man 3 1 hour later and after checking with the staff on the status of the popcorn that we  received it . well then we bit into the popcorn and it was the absolute saltiest thing i had ever tasted . i love salty foods i put salt on a lot of my food . this was unbearably salty ... like the kind where it almost stings your mouth . i took two bites and tried to flip the popcorn over because i thought that maybe the bottom half would be less salty . didnt work . i dont  send things back unless they are unbearably bad ... .i sent it back and asked for a lot less salt . 10 minutes later we  the popcorn again this time it had no salt at all . we just ate it anyway.nnon top of all that my wife missed half the movie trying to fix our salt situation.nnhaving the waiters and waitress going up and down the stairs with their iphoneordering  was also extremely distracting.nnwe had better experiences at northlake or concord mills theaters . we probably wont be going back to smg.nnoverall mez just seemed more upscale . while the ticket prices were sometimes outrageous there smg seems like a cheap knockoff . the atmosphere is very different then mez . mez was more like an upscale club that had a nice theater attached . smg feels like a cheap movie theater that happens to have a restaurant and they  know quite yet how to make the two work together well.nnwe went to mez several times just to eat at the restaurant ... ..after seeing the food at smg and experiencing the service i doubt wed go just for the food .
__label__pos  ... go for the   the   the   maybe even the milkshakes . but do not  here if you want any kind of quality meal . check out groupon often for 5 movie deals
__label__pos nice  in  .  and  .   . the  are 
__label__pos holy smokes this place is good . i just moved to the mesa area from baton rouge la . i was going to go to panda express but i told my  i didnt want to pay that much for chinese considering it wasnt even personalized but just premade.nna lady overheard me and asked me if i had heard of  garden . i let her know i had just moved here . she said if i wanted the best chinese food i had ever had head there . she gave me directions and i was on my way . nni can usually tell a good chinese restaurant by the smell of the food . i ordered curry chicken orange chicken general tso sesame chicken sweet and sour chicken qt hot and sour soup spring rolls and some singapore noodles . i believe the total was about 69.xxnnhave mercy . every single  dish was awesome . the orange chicken as other reviewers have pointed out was the best i have ever had . there was a very deep and rich flavor to all of it . not like most chinese restaurants where they put just enough  on it to make it edible.nni do wish they had egg rolls because i am not too much into spring rolls.nnthe portions were also extremely large . this will be my go to place if i am anywhere even close to it . but i will also keep trying other chinese restaurants because i could eat that every mean of the day and not ever be tired of it.nnif you are in the area where this is i believe its called  junction frys shopping  you are in for a real  meal .
__label__neg    and  me    minutes saying they were 5  away . i came home from work for the cleaning and they had no decency to be on time or let me know their real schedule so i could work around mine . undependable and terrible . would never use them again .
__label__neg this is one of my least favorite music venues in phoenix . i have sat in many different areas and sections and all are lackluster . the sound is  or  depending on the concert and where you sit . the lawn seats are usually the only affordable option unless i just love the  playing . we saw train perform there a few months ago . i thought i had bought some great seats because they were over 40 each but when we arrived we werent even in the lower section of seats . those seats were over 80 outrageous i cant  sitting in the lawn at this venue because so many  smoke pot while sitting out there and you are forced to smell that disgusting smell for  on end . the beer and food are   and very low quality .
__label__neg this place is  ... long lines of traffic to get in to the venue is just the start of it ... first of all it took me seven people to direct me correctly to where i had to park since i had a premier parking pass for the dierks bentleychris youngchase ricejon pardi concert ... nnthen being i am a member of chris youngs fan club i went to the will call booth to inquire where to pick up my meet n greet pass . the guy running the booth was very rude and told me i had to go clear around to the west side of the place to get it the email i had received from cys fan club distinctly said the passes would be available at the east side will call booth ... so imagine how pissed off i was that i had to trek my way on foot in the raging heat over to the west side to get this thing upon asking the guest relations people there where the meet and greet will take place they had no  whatsoever nnalso it says on the akchin pavilion website that  can bring in cameras that do not have detachable lenses and are not the big professional type ... small zoomlens cameras and pocket cameras are accepted . i go to bring mine in and they denied me told me i had to  my camera in my car ... yet they let eight other people by me in with theirs and theirs were the same type as mine what the holy hell this really annoyed me as if every other thing i went through wasnt bad enoughnnso ... after i went through all that rigmarole i get inside and i asked the guest relations people where the meet and greet will take place . these two women running the booth told me where and even when ... and they were very helpful polite and friendly finally someone with some brains in the placennthe concert itself was great ... sound and visuals were  and well worth the money to come see the  . however security did absolutely nothing to clear the  walkways to go get food and drinks restroom breaks souvenirs etc . instead i came away with bruises and a sore hand from some drunk idiot who hit me with his beer bottle because he wasnt paying attention . security in this place sucks nnit will take me a lot to ever come to another concert here
__label__pos wanted to spend a saturday at the pool with a bunch of friends . wanted to get a cabana but not break the bank . i was quoted anywhere from 15004000 for a cabana at the paradise pool where the pool party takes place . so i opted to call my amex platinum concierge . they gave me 2 different price options . 750 food and bev min for the paradis pool for a basic cabana or 250 min for cabana at the nirvana pool . after reading some of the reviews here on yelp we opted for the nirvana pool and was glad that we did . nwe arrived at 10am to secure the cabana . they have you go there airport like security to get to the pool . for the party pool you have to wear  trunks no reg shorts and no big bags for the ladies . however for the nirvana pool you can pretty much wear  . no food or drinks . i suggest getting the  wristband for the party pool as well . we got a great cabana 130 located right next to the  up to the party pool . the cabana could comfortable seat 56 people inside with 2 lounge chairs out front . there is a tv safe fridge not sure what the purpose is since you cant bring in food or drinks and fan . we were right next to the sandy entrance to the pool . the pool is nice and not your typical hotel pool . you can bring out your drinks and just chill . the dj in the morning was spinning classic rock that turned into top  by the end of the day . it is crazy that you cant hear the music from the party pool next door . food and drinks were reasonably priced . bucket of beers  were going for 3035. service was  . everyone was hustling back and forth to get us our food and drinks . never had to wait long . nwe also enjoyed walking over to the other pool and checking out the scene . then walking back to our cabana to relax . even though this is the family pool we didnt see that many kids at all.nnif we  return to vegas we would love to do this cabana again .
__label__neg oh dear lesson learned ... .i booked a special at the hardrock fro 41 a night for 3  ... .well we werent allowed to check in until 530 ... .yea 530 ... .so to make up for it we were bumped up to a poolside room instead of mountain view ... .well my bill ended up being 324 i may be bad at math ... .but not that bad ... .41 a night does not  300 not only did they charge us for the upgrade but apparently the soapshampoo and conditioner are for  ... .not complimentary like every other hotel ... .even motel5  50 mini bar charge for soap and shampoo i will not be back at the hardrock unless someone  is paying and dealing with this absurd hotelnshould have learned my lesson  time ... .
__label__pos after reading yelp for sometime i signedup to write this review of the hard rock . over the years ive stayed at most of the major properties in las vegas and over the past 5 or 6 stays have settled here . nni cant give them 5  cause its not a wynnencore type joint ... but a solid  they deserve . ive stayed in each of the towers . hrh is  upscale and quiet enough get a good nights  before a meeting . the paradise tower is also nice but a bit far away from the action . the main tower has been redone and now has many of the same features as the newer towers plus the famous frenchdoors that open for fresh air.nnthe hotel staff has always been friendly and  to me ... you get back what you put out you know . mr. luckys food is exactly what i like ...  diner type fare thats always hot and fresh . pink taco is great too . nnjust  the nba title game last week at one of the bars in the new section . it was a great time . all in all i think youll be hard pressed to beat the value the hard rock offers .
__label__neg we  up over 45 minutes early to get parking for the chevelle concert tonight not that it mattered . parking was full already both garages . at least they were sincere  to stick a security guard in front of one garage telling guests the lot was full we spent an hour and a half in the other garage hrh trying to find parking in a sea of traffic going up and coming down the ramps.nnwhile we were looking for parking we decided to try to get in touch with a manager to possibly get a refund for the tickets we purchased should we miss the concert . after being transferred several times reservations ticketing security security manager front desk front desk manager we finally spoke to sarah front desk manager who told us that if we gave the valet attendant her name and  our concert tickets that we could valet the car . the valet manager refused and was very snippy and rude when given sarahs name even though there were 3 floors dedicated to valet parking in that garage alone he wouldnt help . when we called sarah back she told us that if we werent so rude to the employees they would have taken care of us but she would insure we were taken care of anyway . when the valet manager once again refused to accept the vehicle we called sarah a third time and were told that the valet manager had the final say and she could no longer resolve the situation.nni felt as though were were just brushed off at every avenue . i understand the situation with concert guests trying to valet their cars there is no way they could park every car . at the same time the guest service was the worst ive ever experienced especially in vegas . id never been called rude by an employee ever.nni dont feel like i have  expectations had we been informed when we were purchasing tickets to expect heavy delays we would have better prepared for the parking nightmare and parked somewhere else and taken a cab had there been security in front of the hrh garage telling guests the lot was full we could have still made the concert had we parked somewhere  and taken a cab had sarah stood by her  that she would have us taken care of had hard rock prepared overflow parking or not scheduled  events an hour apart on one night the situation could have been resolved or never arisen in the first place . nnill be sure to update with the amount of effort it takes to get a refund for the purchase price of the tickets for the event and the result of my endeavor.nnedit we were refunded the purchase price of the tickets with the help of leanne but she mentioned that she was only helping us because of how her staff treated us . i definitely wont be patronizing the  hard rock and doubt well be going to others or collecting the hr shot glasses anymore . nnsomeone needs to inform these people that casual does not equal shitty service .
__label__pos we stayed here in the hrh tower after we did a drive  wedding . the suites are huge its a perfect  for  a  of friends . the bathroom was my favorite with a huge shower and tub . the beds were fluffy and  . we had a corner  so the  was spectacular and it was  . if you have the cash id recommend staying here if you can
__label__neg weve been with clear  moving to nlv in january 2011. service has been just okay until  2013 when it went downhill so fast it wasnt  . contacted them and was  the tower is congested due to  usage . wtf not my problem . my problem is i pay 50 per month for service and it isnt happening . i paid less than 30 per month where i used to live and the service was much much  . these isps in vegas are making a killing for less than stellar  . time for an upstart to usurp them .
__label__pos been here almost a  times always  and no complaints . nservice is always good the food and drinks are always tasty ambiance is kick  todaysunday late  they had a  man  that is awesome to listen to and its never over crowded or too loud like their sister restaurant  blanco . nyou cant go wrong with their menu its  to understand and well thought out a must try
__label__neg decent food had the breakfast burrito which was delightfully pressed on the grill and crispy great location but some of the worst live music ive ever heard in my life  up there with some wedding reception noise the restaurant was full and one person an employee who seemed to be the singers girlfriend applauded . dead  from everyone else . for several songs . it was really bad . i actually had the waiter  my order to takeout but thankfully the musician packed up soon after that . the poor server apologized and said theyre working on the noise level but i think they need to look at the talent level instead . if i hearsee that awful loud caterwauling they call live entertainment again when i enter here i will immediately turn around and leave.nnthis experience was actually from my second time in the restaurant . my first time i walked in i was ignored there was no one at the hostess stand area and there was a bored looking waitress rolling silverware and pretending i wasnt looking at the menus . i walked out after a bit.nntwo strikes means ive yet to go back since los tacquitos on 16th street and  is just as  much faster and the women working there owners give  customer  . their quality probably isnt as high as otro but neither are their prices .
__label__neg before going into detail about the pitfalls of this establishment i would like to first point out that both the service and the decor are  nice . however with that being said mr. sushi is an extremely subpar japanese restaurant . not only is the food extremely overpriced but it is also lacking in its quality . the complimentary thermos of lukewarm water that masquerades as  is  abysmal and serves as an indication of how cheap the owners must me.nalthough the decor was nice the atmosphere was empty due to the lack of people and music . the only  in the room was the staff yelling at each other ... nnfood the fish seemed to be good in the  salmon role i ordered but the flavor was completely over powered by the sesame seeds that covered the role . which tasted horriblennnfinally if you go here expect to pay high prices and get low quality food . its possible that other items on the menu are better but i would be very hesitate to try again to find out . if your trapped here for some reason  next door to mels dinner for an unbelievable meal .
__label__pos me and my husband decided to try this new mexican restaurant despite already having a  mexican place we frequent . we showed up 10 minutes before they closed and honestly  a little rushing on their part perhaps a little attitude ... . i  how it is when customers come in minutes before closing when youre expecting to start clean up and get out of there . however we were treated very patiently and  by the hostess waiter and busier . we were really hungry and they brought out chips salsa retried beans and grilled onions and peppers it was great . i was even more pleased to see that they had a section on the menu for vegetarians i was  we got our food rather fast it  great and tasted  . serving size was perfect and we were able to take home leftovers . bathrooms were clean restaurant had an  pleasing atmosphere . hubby and i decided to make this our new home mexican restaurant
__label__pos   and  .   from 37pm .  bean dip and onionspeppers with chips for free . i will definitely be back .
__label__pos  here for lunch on a tuesday . it was hard to find exactly where the restaurant was located and then when we  it there was no one there to greet us . after waiting for a few minutes someone came to seat us . service was very slow but  and food was delicious great  for a yummy  sandwich burger or salad just make  you are not constrained by  at all when you dine here . we will definitely be  and we are looking forward to trying dinner here soon
__label__neg not sure what to rate this . i called the number  twice.. both times i got a woman who  there is no  there who details cars ...  sound a little too fly by night for me . if  contacts me and  what happened id be glad to remove my  . but until then i guess they are out of business .
__label__neg still the same  zero service      maybe its time to   .
__label__neg my girlfriend and i were excited to try something different up north here . i may return for happy  but she certainly wouldnt . nnthe vibe was cool . music was really loud but it was a friday night so i get if they were trying to keep up with blue martini across the way . i was surprised at how busy it was when i walked in but then excited about the people  . its a neat small  . nnthe host was great . very friendly and helpful . nni finally found a couple of seats at the bar and ordered a couple of the specialty drinks on the menu when i girlfriend arrived . she got the yoga marg and i got some blanco drink with grapefruit . the drinks were tasty but the bartender was saltier than the rim of my glass . we immediately were taken back by her passiveness and abrupt responses to our questions about the menu . which consisted of one question street tacos are three to an order . do we pick three or is it three of the same . nnanyhow my girlfriend had a shard of glass shoot through her straw into her mouth . not upset about it it happens . i worked in the industry for years so hey you burn the ice make new drinks and apologize . no such luck . we told the bar back he alerted the bartender she got irritated . he had to convince to to make a new drink . she made hers set it down and walked away . no apology no words even . i grabbed the bar back and said i hate to be a pain in the a but the waters and my drink came from the same well . we need these remade too if you could . . he was totally on board but this irritated her further . she made the drinks and never burned a well . i asked her if the drinks came from the same one and her response  times was i promise ... youre good . never it came from a different well im sorry that happened let me check is your friend ok ... after twenty minutes i grabbed a manager to let her know that there was ice in one of the wells because i watched to see neither get burned and somebody was going to end up chewing on more glass . the manager immediately dealt with the bar and we never saw our bartender again . until she threw the check down . nnill give credit on the place the food was ok and the atmosphere made up for it . that  though made us never want to go back . before any of this happened we had tried to make up an excuse to sit on the other end of the bar to avoid her  . nnive been in the industry for a long time and have had yelp  written about me . some good . some bad . you cant  em all . you can however be nice to people even when youre busy and let the chips fall where they may . unfortunately she chose to play her cards horribly . owners talk to your girl and make a real smile a requirement .
__label__neg i havent been this disappointed since i found out that santa claus wasnt real.nnhakkasan is a lackluster combination of tao and marquees godawful stairs ... except there are more stairs and  in this labyrinth of a club . if youve ever clubbed at the grand in sf then the you should be familiar with the circular lay out . its almost the same referring to the edm side only except with an extra floor or so . they do have  of bars spread around so that in itself gets a star . nnspeaking of that after i bought a drink from the bar on the right corner i turned my head to see a what seemed like a 200 lb black guy swapping mad spit with a skinny little white guy and grabbing each others ... ugh wtf almost yacked in my drink ... i want my money back for mental scarring im jk but seriously no one should see that . another weird incident happened shortly after we went down to the hip  room and i  randomly attacked by someone who looks and talks like steve  from american dad . he came at me mumbling god knows what and i had to push him away 2 times before he turned around and started chasing 2 girls that just happened to walk by . seriously what kind of people are coming here wtfnnbesides that nothing else really stood out except seeing the people  to us rolling balls which was hella funny the vegas night club vibe wasnt there and it just seemed like an expensive rendition of a chinese karaoke spot with famous edm artists playing in the center of the room . dance floor is tiny so forget trying to get close to the stage . nmaybe im being  its only been open for 2 weeks but xs marquee and surrender is still better imho . i dont think ill be  back anytime soon or if ever .
__label__neg this is just one overhyped club ... that will leave you disappointed . ive been there twice now and i dont think i will go back unless i book a table which i doubt cause its overpriced ... by a lot . nnfirst time i went was free cause my girl won tickets for 5 to see bingo players and i guess it was fun then since we didnt have to wait in line . drinks are pricey but on the same level as  other tier 1 club in vegas . i had a decent time as it was free.99nnhowever the layout almost strictly caters to tables as the whole club is  with them . they spent all that money on this club and are hoping to recuperate the costs back with tables with exorbitant prices ... i mean seriously the club aint no fun for  admissions . the dance floor is small a bit bigger than marquees but that doesnt say much . there is no outdoor area ... so you are trapped with no where to sit if you dont have a table . the hiphop floor is cool though ... so definitely check it out if you feeling some hiphop.nnlast friday for tiesto my second time there a bouncer kicked my girl out cause we were waiting for tiesto and she rested her head on my chest . like wtf these fools have no idea what to do cause the  night they were looking for people to kick out for no reason they followed my homie around the whole night but he didnt do anything wrong so they didnt kick him out . they are pretty much  ass bouncers with nothing better to do . i dont even know his name but he was a short scruffy looking white guy . obviously must have some sort of napoleon complex ... but man waste of  for my tiesto ticket . not like i missed much though cause i heard tiesto was too  to dj and messed up a lot . yeah i dont think he really likes the club himself .
__label__neg promoters call it the best place go party in america . boy are they  . contacted a promoter to see calvin harris on dec 28th . mind you i am a girl and have 4 other girl friends with me . it seemed like we were all set on the guestlist and everything but when we got there they wanted a 40 cover . um no . girls in vegas should  have to pay cover . a different and much better   up getting us free bottle service at surrender that same night and we had a blast . then we  to give it  shot and went to see tiesto a few days later . holy  it was packed like sardines . there is literally no room to move . it was awful .  this place and hit up marquee . so much better .
__label__neg definitely not my favorite . if i  avoid this club and never come back i totally would but they have a bunch of great resident djs that its so hard not to . nnvenue three floors main floor is the main stage where all the resident djs play and a small dancefloor and two bars to buy drinks the floor above that is all tables the floor below the main floor is the hiphop room with more tables and a small dance floor and one bar . oh yah and you have to use the stairs to go between all these floors because you cant use the elevators girls youve been warnednndrinks expensive of course . i mean its vegas no surprise here . nnwhy i dont like hakkasan n no dance room . the dance floor is tiny the first time i was there and keep in mind i was sober i almost fainted it was so hot and crowded and stuffy that i became light headed . eventually i had to leave the club to get some air but oh yah no in and outs . nn super crowded i mean yah all clubs are gon na be crowded in vegas . but like i said above theres no dance  because the dancefloor is so small seriously . arent you supposed to dance at a club how are you supposed to do that when the dance floor is so smallnn service  here are just not nice . bouncers are unreasonble and mean . nnhonestly my review is not biased whatsoever . ive given this club a second chance and a third chance . but my    and not only mine . almost everyone ive talked to doesnt like hakkasan . definitely my least favorite club on the strip .
__label__neg they pack this club  too tight to make it possible to have fun . couldnt  once i got in . far to packed to have any fun near the dj . too  of a dance floor for the amount of people they allow in . cool to see a first time but would   . unless you are buying a  for thousands of  i dont see how you could enjoy this .
__label__pos this is a lovely little antique store tucked away in a small strip mall right beside lollypop vintage . it has  a bit of higher end  if you are looking for a  nice  for a special occasion . the owner is knowledgeable very courteous and will consider  antique or pre1945  which i listed in one of the  . limited hours ... but definitely worth a look .
__label__pos  an  dinner..  ... .bento  ...   inside ... friendly staff..a wonderful addition to our area lois
__label__neg never again . long  of hair in my roll .  is usually  with bare  ... if something as long and obvious as   it in what else is getting in the rolls  . not going  .
__label__pos    viewnnthe fountains brunch at jasmine may be the best sunday brunch youve never heard of . in comparison to the more famous sterling brunch across the strip at ballys many people arent aware that on sunday jasmine in the bellagio opens at 11 a.m. for a luxe cantonesedim sumall american breakfast brunch . the room is decorated in florals and creams ... its a bit old lady but never feels stuffy especially with sunlight streaming through the windows on a bright morning . better yet the rooms floortoceiling windows overlook the bellagio fountains which go into overdrive especially for brunch patrons . fountain music is pumped into the room every 15 minutes as the fountains perform . nnoutside of the  the centerpiece of the brunch is a fantastic buffet . its not massive but theres a wide variety of superbly prepared dishes . traditional american brunch favorites are here with the usual bellagioclassy twists the belgian waffles are red velvet the eggs benedict are served on a lobsterpotato cake . theres an excellent raw bar a selection of caviar and sushi and awesome cold bites and cheeses.theres also an omelet station but a better choice is the soup where a chef customizes asianstyle noodles to your liking . the carving station has huge chunks of beef lamb and incredible carved slab bacon . the dim sum components are great too sui mai short ribs crystal prawns . best of all they serve fantastic peeking duck table side in steamed buns . nnthe finale of  is a room devoted to desserts and unlike many buffets these are made in small batches by the pastry team and are quite good . additionally the pastry chef on staff chats and explains the different desserts what was particularly good that day and what ice creams and gelatos theyve prepared . nndownsides its not cheap 80ish and unlimited champagne is an addon . they have different levels of sparkling wines and i believe the lowest was about 15 i think they add gratuity automatically but the service was so good when i went that my boyfriend and i ended up tipping more . nnoverall this is a truly nottobemissed morning in las vegas . make reservations go hungry and prepare to spend a few hours indulging yourself . if nothing else this is probably the classiest way to deal with a hangover on the strip .
__label__neg in a nutshell go for the burgers skip the salads . the service abysmal . details.nnthe line to order at the register was short . the wait to order was looonnng . definitely training needed there as when we placed our order the chick was confused . benefit of the doubt ... maybe it was her first day . one can only hope . nnthe food . my  bleu burger made me smile from ear to ear nit only because of the crusty grilled and browned griddled burger exterior but they put it on a gluten free bun ill go back again and again for that burgernnnow the downside of the food . the salads . if you like a  bowl of greens and not much else maybe youll be a happy camper but when youre paying for a salad with corn black beans avocado tortilla strips and chicken you expect to be able to find them instead of playing hide and seek . nnand back to the service . the burger was delivered to our  first . and we waited a while for the salad . when it finally arrived there was dressing all over when the dressing was supposed to be on the side . when pointed out the waitress who had been the same confused chick at the register nearly slapped her own  as she said aloud thats right she took it back as my burger continued to cool . clueless chick returned with the massive pile of lettuce and dressing the side . yay her but this time although the aforesaid  were still playing hide and seek the chicken was missing . up to the salad assembly line went my dining companion and eventually returned with the missing chicken . yes my burger was cold ... and so was the grilled newly found chicken . and it was bland and tasteless . nni finished my coldbythen burger kimber picked a little trying to eat the salad but left it mostly untouched . go for the burger skip the salads and pray for better service maybe better   this particular location completely and hope another location is better .
__label__pos i went here for the first time with my wife  having expectations that this was going to be similar to a black angus or outback . we got there at about 730pm which seemed like the tail end of their dinner rush . i could see several open tables but was told that it was going to be a 25 minute wait . normally i would have walked away then but my wife really wanted a steak and options in surprise are limited.nndespite the open tables we waited about 20 minutes to be seated . after sitting down we waited around for another 15 minutes to get our drink orders in and another 10 minutes after that to actually get our drinks and bread . service was very slow.nnour server was friendly and helpful but it was obvious that she was overwhelmed with the number of tables assigned to her which is probably a management issue.nnwhile waiting for our food i  the restaurant out and it was very clean i would hope that it would be because the building is less than a year old . the only place that seemed to need some attention was the restroom . it looked like it had been hit by a dinner rush crowd and was is need of a cleaning.nnwhen our food arrived it looked very appetizing . my wife order the filet mignon and i had the parmesan crusted chicken breast . we both ordered the baked potato as a side with a side salad to start . i thought that all the food was great and worth the wait.nnthe filet mignon was very tender and prepared perfectly . the chicken was good but i wish i had ordered the steak after tasting my wifes . the salad was  and the baked potato was good . in all the food was very good.nnthis places food is great but the service isnt . if im going to  out 90 for two dinners one appetizer and four adult  i would  for  better service.nnthis could be a five star spot if not for the service .
__label__pos im a fan of their happy hour . its  from 2pm6pm . i posted a picture of the happy hour menu so you can visualize what you  like.nni came in on a weekday around 45pm . it wasnt busy thankfully because i was starving . i sat myself down at the sushi bar and the bartender quickly came by greeted me and  my drink and app order down . i ordered a refreshing cucumber cocktail 5 ... it had a fancy shamncy name but i forget what it was called . it was a part of the happy hour cocktail menu however so its easy to find . for food i ordered the chili  furikake salmon  and spider roll . everything was  delightful for a happy hour . i also  an asahi 2 draft . will definitely be back to try the other happy hour items
__label__pos this show is like no other in las vegas i  it . very well put together and told as it should be.my  got pulled up on stage how cool is that.we  got to  to everyone after the show . the evening just  getting better and better the music is played live loud and  so take a bow . its  that i m local because i will see it again . thanks for  it in cranking it up and laying it down .
__label__pos i had the  one sandwich . omg the  bacon  is fantastic the sandwich was  and  with a small  . the banana boi bait for  was delicious . i will  be coming back .
__label__pos   . great  .   .   to  if u r not familiar with the area but the girl stayed on the phone and walked us thru how to get here . will def come back
__label__pos  binkleys fan . hit binks midtown for restaurant week . some dishes amazing .  not so  . the  chowder and the chocolate desert were worth the drive . our server was some cute  something airhead . we heard my bad all night as we waited for our water our wine flights our  . one person got his appetizer with dinner . my bad so why 4 stars the  that were good were really really good . very comfortable place . im giving them a break for it being an unusual 
__label__pos 6.99  steak and eggsnover medium     dough butter toast and camp spuds
__label__neg i would give it minus  if i could . i had no nproblem with the coach itselfquite comfortablenand clean . the problem i had was leaving someonenstranded at 300 am because you didnt want to nwait an extra minute for a passenger to board or rathernre board the bus . this happened to mynhusband who went out to stretch his legs at anstopover . we were traveling from toronto tonmontreal and stops at kingston . the driverngave a warning that the bus would depart in 10nminuteshowever seemed to cut this short and started tonmove the bushe wouldnt open the door to letnmy husband back onarguing that hes on antight schedule . i think he was in a hurry to get noff his shift . seems doing a little thing couldvenwent a long way . my husband had to wait 3 hoursnfor the next bus and megabus has some prettyncrappy stationsnothing around  areas andnno amenitiesnot too great or safe to be late at night.nthe driver also had a real attitudelike i saidna little humanity couldve gone a long way .
__label__neg ive been dying to try this place hoping to  the fond memories of eating mouth  lechon from cebu and the famous steamed rice with pork and shrimp topping from ding hao . so last  i was in a spur of the moment mood and called to place an order to go . when i got there at 6 pm the place was totally empty i thought uh oh i hope thats not an indication of inferior tasting food . lechon albeit the skin was crispy the taste just wasnt there or i should say its not what a normal  from cebu  like . it needed more spices and i didnt detect the  and  of lemongrass which i think is a huge part of the flavor . the pork steamed rice wasnt good at all . it was too sweet and the texture was off . i really  to like this place so im very disappointed but who knows maybe one day i might just try their other offerings .
__label__neg i purchased the  online for a 425am departure . i  the confirmation email would  on my phone with the bar code on it . the driver  me to print it out to get on board but at 4am there is no way i can print it at the hotel . so i have to pay the driver again to  to the airport . i called their customer service and they asked me to request refund when i get back home . but so far no  answers my request through email or  request form .
__label__pos we were hungry for italian food did not know where to go so of course checked out yelp for help . before  at solo trattoria we first chose to go to a place that rhymes with mistos . we get to mistos and it is a mad house loud with people everywhere and it kinda smelled like my grandmothers house and not in a good way . we are told it would be close to a 2 hour wait for a table for two but sitting at the bar would be quicker . we agreed but quickly changed our minds when we realized everyone at the  were working on their salad course . i was not about to stand around and wait especially as the smell of the restaurant was making me kinda  . we checked yelp again and headed to solo trattoria . nnsolo trattoria is well hidden in the esplanade center off camelback and 25th street . parking is plentiful in the garage but be prepared to pay to park . i did overhear our server tell another table that the restaurant validates parking but of course i left my ticket in the car and did not want to walk back to get it . nnonce we found the restaurant we were pleased . it is beautiful . we were greeted and after some confusion on where to seat us we were seated in the main dining room . nnafter  at the menu we asked to  with the meatball starter 9 as it was recommended by our server . the meatballs were five star for sure 3 big meatballs in a fantastic tomato sauce . i probably could have ordered two servings of those and called it dinner . we also ordered a couple of sangrias 8ea and then our main courses chicken piccata 20 and chicken marsala 22 if i had a complaint was the pasta was a bit too al dente but it is made fresh and sometimes fresh pasta can taste this way . speaking of fresh the owner stopped by our table to let us know that everything in the  was made from scratch except for the bread as that is brought in from a local bakery . nnso we do want to return and definitely get the meatballs again . i also would like to try the pizza as they looked incredible . nnone final note the  that was played might not have been a great fit unless of course you are a fan of acdc back in black . dont get me wrong i was a mega fan of acdc circa 1980 but lets fast forward 34 years and  something more relevant .
__label__pos dr. becky has a magic touch and treats the whole  not just your outofsync self . i went to dr. becky for prenatal chiro care since my baby was sitting in the breech position . a week and 3 appointments later my body was inline and my baby turned i continue to see dr. becky to keep  in line in the hopes for a natural childbirth . she suggested ways to improve my posture and daytoday activities which will  my body to stay inline . she also brought up my 2year  distinctive walk which i had just mentioned and was  by his  . dr. becky explained ways chiropractic care can help my son and his hip alignment so he wont struggle with this  his life like my brother and dad have to this day . i cant  enough how ecstatic i am that i was referred to dr. becky .
__label__pos great  at  valley range . very   and our  was very  and  . highly  .
__label__neg first off i never write  but it was necessary for this place . if i could i would have gave no stars my husband got a groupon and thought we would try another chinese place . you walk in and wonder if this place is a chinese  or a bar its a bar that serves terrible chinese food . i completely agree with tom m. it was the worst tasting chinese food ever the place is dirty and  dont flush . they tell you to seat yourself when you walk in . the waitress seemed like she was on drugs . we would ask about certain food and she didnt know what to say about it . there were  kids about 1012 years old playing with the pool table and throwing darts and hitting everything but the  board . the employees nor the parents cared that the kids were running around screaming and being obnoxious . nnnow for the food the only thing worth eating was the war wonton soup . however there was only three tasteless shrimps in two bowls of soup and we paid 10.00 for it . we got one order of mongolian chicken . we usually get two when we go anywhere else but since it was our first time there we decided to check it out first . we were so glad we did . it was so disgusting and where was the chicken we got a heaping plate of onions and green chives . i had two bites and i was done . my husband  for the chicken and ate the few pieces he found . i ordered two vegetarian eggspring rolls . it was greasy and mushy on the inside . i had one bite and that was it . there was no filler like you would find in a regular egg roll . oh and the white rice . how can you go wrong with that well it was not like regular white rice . it was very small and sticky . i had maybe  bites . if you want soy sauce you can find the togo packets . there is no bottle of soy sauce . we stuck with water so that was safe ... i think.nnwhen we were ready to go i had to find the waitress . she forgot to take the groupon off the bill so we had to wait for that too . we left hungry disappointed and with a stomachache . its also not good if you have acid reflux . nnso if you want to go to a bar that looks scary and dirty serves the worst chinese food ever gives you a stomachache has horrible service and allows young kids to run around throwing  and screaming then this is the place to go nnwhat a waste of time and money . you couldnt pay me enough to go back there ... ever we are sticking with flos
__label__pos party danniversaire avec un  dune douzaine de personnes . beau petit resto nouveau dans le centropolis .  portuguais menu de poulet  agneau ... . un bon choix de cocktails pour du00e9buter . toutes les viandes sont assaisonnu00e9es u00e0 la perfection . j ai pris le poulet bbq avec sauce piripiri yum  a pris les cu00f4tes levu00e9es gouteuses et cuites u00e0 la perfection . les  sont gu00e9nu00e9reuses.les plats u00e0 partager u00e0 deux sont u00e9galement intu00e9ressants avec diffu00e9rents choix de viandes . prix abordables . jadore et jy retourne .
__label__neg usually have a good experience here ... .but today ... ..i was met with one of the most unprofessional and rude people to  me ... .name is simon ... ..i just had to  there with my mouth agape i am by no means a diva who belittles the technicians . i am nice and i tip well i thought i should tell him what i  as far as my manicure ... .little things i didnt like . you know ... .setting expectations as this was not my normal guy ... .i did it in a very nice tone of voice and i was sweet as i know many people arent nice to the technicians and look right through them . i didnt think i was being  . he said he didnt work wirh picky people and that i need to not be so picky because i make him nervous and i need not to make him nervous if i want a good job ... ..imagine that ... .hes telling me what i need to do to make him comfortable ... .its my money and i was being  nice ... ..i.am the customer . ... ..its not my place to make him feel at ease ... ... it is his place to make my experience a goid one ... ... all i wanted was to feel pampered for a couple hours ... ... this unprofessional ahole got up and refused to continue . i was speechless ... ... . i will never return to this establishment again ... .. there are over 100 nail salons in a ten mile radius and i dont  this negative crap ... ... .i regret this as the owner is a very nice person and did her best to make up for his  behavior ... ... .but i wont spend my money to be treated this way ever again life is too damn short
__label__pos i had the fish  bowl..  healthy too ...  fish on top of  rice and  with a mango  on top .   spot
__label__pos i called from   the  to request an order be delivered to my ill daughter who lives within their delivery circle . renee was  on the phone informing me of their  . i had bowls of chicken soup   fruit and a sandwich sent ... .. my girl was really surprised and said a lot of food  . thank you so much for the good service and delivery .
__label__pos i have read all of the  and i have a need to reply or set some things straight of course these are strictly my opinion and no one has asked me to do this.nni have been going to sin city vapor for forever . i have quit smoking for 5 years and i do not use any of the tobacco based flavoring . i just enjoy the hand mouth replacement from smoking.nni have been to the store on eastern and i am now and have been visiting the store on stephanie.nnthe staff is awesome . friendly and informative . if you have questions they do not  to answer . if you have a problem with a product they  over backwards for you . i have had an mvp and had problems with the first one and i was never questioned or made to feel like a fool . replacement given with a smile on their face and no quilt  were made of me . i have since bought  mvps some because someone cleptoed mine but i love it . nnwhen you purchase a devise they will walk you through what it can do they will fill your tank and help you be able to use it before walking out the door.nnif you want to have a mod custom built they have an awesome young lady who  what she does and she can rise to the challenge.nnoh yeah did you know they have a reward program for you purchasing anything in their store . you can use your points for future purchases or save them up . no expiration . me im saving mine so i can buy something big later.nnjuices 10 for 1 or 3 for 25. sweet dealnnand that does not include the specials they have weekly . i.e . one  could be 3 bottles of juice for 20 or double points on purchases.nnso i have to say if you are rude or you dont ask questions about what you are looking for that is not their fault you need to take a proactive  in your venture into the vaping world . i did not know much when i started and with it constantly changing i still have questions . i love the staff at stephanie store . go visit them nnhope this review helps .
__label__neg i go here often because its a convenient spot to meet up before the  but after they treated my friends and i so rudely this past weekend ill never bother again . we grabbed a beer at the bar in the back because it was  crowded and we were standing in a corner and in  of the stairs that were  off from public access anyway but we got yelled at and i literally  yelled at to move because that  wasnt for standing room . like i said i go often and we actually always stand on that side of the bar and its always pretty crowded so i dont even think thats a rule . so we moved to the other bar and another guy came over and yelled at us again apparently we were still in the way . we actually tried to ask him where standing room was but he interrupted us and said either get out of the way and go outside . he was treating a group of 30ish year olds who were half a beer in like we were rowdy college kids causing a scene it was  obnoxious . i dont think i can bring myself to  money when they treated us like they didnt even want us there .
__label__pos jai essayu00e9 beaucoup de cafu00e9 au centreville et je  toujours   lu00e0 qui est probablement  meilleur . il sagit dun simple comptoir cachu00e9 dans un tunnel avec des baristas exceptionnels un must
__label__neg   is one of the places that i would not mind going when i  food quickly or when i simply do not want to cook for the night . i tried this one and ordered for a togo . now i do not plan to go back at all because of two reasons.nnfirst its dirty . the  is really dirty that i could see flies on  yes they were sitting on them and the ceiling.. it looked like they do not clean until the  closes . it was a bit.. disgusting.nnsecond its salty . very salty . food was very oily too . the togo box looked like a garbage can after it dried ... i  couldnt finish eating because it was too salty . i had to drink at  1l of water after to remove that salty feeling on my tongue ...
__label__pos  for   sushi  prices   clean and friendly service . you must try if you are a sushi lover but not the kind that has made sushi a delicacy with its outrageous  here in az but the kind of sushi lover that just wants to have their  fix without having to save up all month for it
__label__neg i hate to give one star but even that is generous . i went to see ghost last night and it was a disaster . to start they only accept cash at the bar and they dont have a working  . unless you are close to the stage youre pretty much screwed . there are 3 huge beams obstructing the view of the stage . if you are standing on the 21 side there are several obnoxious blinding lights shining down on you making it even harder to see the stage also  any kid of enjoyable atmosphere.nmeanwhile in the bathroom there was one drunk girl passed out on a couch and another throwing up in the stall . both paper towel machines were broken . the security guards were standing around the bathroom its one of those community washrooms watching me touch up my makeup  me thumbs up .  . nthere was a drunk guy  around bleeding from his face . he was kicked out but then let back in 20 minutes later .  nnthis  could be great but it is so poorly managed . needs some work
__label__pos love this place for pedicures . she really makes sure each toe is perfect and the foot massages feel amazing . however i came here once for a gel manicure and she was really rushed because there were three people waiting after me . the manicure came out shoddy and blotchy.nnshe doesnt have the best  polish selection but she has some of the best  ive seen in pittsburgh.nncome during the weekdays the earlier the better on days you know you dont have any  to rush to afterwards . since it is mostly just lynn manning the shop she can get  backed up with appointments . ive had to  for it to be my turn but sometimes shell let you sit in one of the super comfortable   .
__label__pos we got lunch to go one saturday afternoon it is a small familyrun neighborhood restaurant . we got the chicken kebab  and the chicken kebab  with hummus on the  . it was pretty decentfast service and the chicken  meat was  . wed  back .
__label__neg i came in for a gel manicure . unfortunately i left very unhappy with the work done on my nails . i explained to the technician that the polish extended  the skin over my  but she did not understand my problem . in my experience polish on the skin will begin to lift rather  . the technician offered to  the work but there is no way to fix the problem when you cant understand it in the first place . i was even blamed and told that this occurred because of my dry hands . other salons that have done a good job usually begin the polish 0.5mm away from skin and its a  continuous swoop all the   . i will not be  to this salon and am truly upset that i was charged at all . i could have done a better job at home .
__label__neg horrible horrible horrible . first the service was  slow . there were two tables and two servers yet we waited many times  the  . water refills  12  i ordered a boba drink and got mysterious clear and  boba complete with a large piece of plastic wrap yes plastic wrap . the table behind  the only other table sent back their rice as it was served in a dirty bowl . the food was less than flavorful . we will never be  . do yourself a favor and avoid this place .
__label__pos great buffalo  and  .   some   come out on true italian hoggie rolls . if your from   and support a new local business .
__label__pos not much else i can add except you   the effort to goni   the south over the west rimskywalk as its the  grand  and in my  more spectacular .
__label__neg my wife and i came here on a friday night with our 15 month old toddler . probably wont be coming back unless they make some changes . nn first impression host and hostess were friendly seated us right away got us a highchair immediately and asked if we needed anything for our child . off to a good start ... nnwe were seen immediately by the waitress taylor i think and another girl she was training . both were nice friendly and full of  . taylor tells us their special today is a 4 kona longboard draft . thinking i missheard i asked her to repeat that . nope their beer special is a 4  . thats not a special folks thats just a normal priced beer . on the plus side however they had a pretty good beer selection though with no prices on the menu i think they failed themselves there . its not a nice enough place for a noprice drink menu.nnthe chips and salsa cost 3.75 which is 3.75 more than every other taco place ive been to in my life but we ordered them anyway because they came with bottomless chips and our choice of 2 salsas from a list of 4 or 5. the chips were light and actually pretty tasty with no complaints about either of the salsas . that is until we ordered a refill of our bottomless chips and were  the chips were bottomless but not the salsa . ummm ok maybe you should have said that  . 75cents for each extra salsa . we felt tricked which instantly put a bad taste in our mouth even before the mediocre entrees did the same.nnbefore we even ordered our entrees we felt they were 35 overpriced . for example 12 for 2 corn tacos 15 for 3 though it does come with a side . for carbwatchers they offer lettucewrap as a taco option which we felt was a smart move along with traditional corn or flour . i got the corn my wife got the lettuce wrap . unfortunately both were so poorly put together that we had to eat our tacos with forks . shout out to the service they fulfilled our highmaintenance order of 2 different 2taco entree choices each with 1 lettuce wrap and 1 corn wrap so we could split them . its too bad neither taco was very good we got the carne asada and tacos el pastor . for sides my wife got the mexican street corn which was by  the  thing we ordered . get this side . its delicious . i could have skipped the entrees and the salsa and just gotten like 5 of these and been happy . i got the jicama radish slaw which tasted like undressed shredded lettuce and carrots . i saw neither jicama nor radish . do not get this side.nnheres what we would tell the management if they had a contact us option on their websiten1 reduce entree prices by at least 3n2 always offer a reasonable drink special even on friday nights.n3 if you offer bottomless chips and charge for them also offer bottomless salsa . otherwise your patrons will feel ripped off and that feeling will not go away.nnbottom line we probably wont go   soon but if theyre still around in 6 months well check the menu to see if theyve changed anything and potentially give it another try at that time . we live nearby and would love to see them be successful they just need a lot of work and hopefully are reading reviews taking advice and adapting accordingly .
__label__pos two    .  its   . the  as fresh as it gets . this is one of my new favorites . too bad there isnt one close to work for me . i would probably be there  or three times a week easily .
__label__pos  and friendly service . food was great .  size portions for the  . very   .  the menu  specially their try 2  .
__label__pos the owner came to my house to provide an estimate so i was pretty confident his estimate  be accurate . he   guys packing and moving but on the move day 5 guys including the  showed up . they  the entire day but were very careful with all the furniture . they  up the washer and dryer and frig moved a frig out to the  and a washerdryer back to my old house . very professional .  recommended .
__label__neg prosndecent  sandwich 610npanzarotti was  but needed more fillingnthe lady at the counter was nice nnconsnthe sandwich could have used more steak on itni ordered mine with onions and they were pretty scarce . you might want to order extra onions to get some.nalmost  for a 9 inch  is way too expensive ntook a long time to get our food best to order ahead and get take outnnall in all if you want a better experience go to pops or capriottis . better food and cheaper at that .
__label__pos  zufriedennguten      sowas schon.nsuper nette bedingungennaugustiner biernflott und promptneinziges minus der chef gibt keinem den wlan zugangscodennoch nicht mal seinen mitarbeitern und schon gar nicht den gu00e4sten dabei ist das doch eine internationale kongressstadtnda fehlt es an flacher hierarchie und an internationaler klasse.nansonsten gerne wieder .
__label__neg lunch de semaine . menu brasserie . les plats sont corrects mais la finition laisse u00e0 du00e9sirer . beurre aromatisu00e9 gelu00e9 sur la bavette accompagnements minimalistes voire absents pourquoi il faut demander le sel le lait pour le cafu00e9 pourquoi le cube de beurre avec le pain  gelu00e9 aussinnle service a u00e9tu00e9 correct  lattitude mais vraiment lent . pour un lunch daffaires cest problu00e9matique.nnsu00e9lection limitu00e9e de vin au verre un peu chers dautant plus que les volumes offerts mont semblu00e9 chiches.nnsomme toute  dautant plus que les options u00e0 lile des soeurs ne sont pas si nombreuses ...
__label__pos  this place   great    staff great location and just all around  vibe to this place . well definitely add this to our regular rotation ... guess were not the only ones though as this  gets pretty busy .
__label__pos love the atmosphere . what a cool find . too bad about the loooong wait for food.nnwe heard they were dog friendly so we had lunch here on new years day after going to the dog park downtown . nnwe placed a food order and we were warned that the wait for food was around 30 minutes . which was fine by us . we picked up a pastry to hold us over and i ordered a bloody mary . ordering a cocktail can be kind of confusing . you can either go to the bar separately to order one or order  at the food counter like i did . but then i had to go to the bar and tell the bartender that i ordered a bloody mary and give him my table number . i guess they go by the honors system . nnthe self seating system can be a little chaotic and you may have to wait around for people to leave . many people park themselves at a table and stay for what seems like hours . the patio is  friendly and the staff is very accommodating with dogs but be warned that it is a  cramped and may not be suitable for larger breeds.nnwe polished off our decadent  filled croissant . it was perfect . my bloody mary was awesome too brimming with garden goodness . my only complaint is they are damn expensive . 9. kind of ridiculous for a mid day cocktail.nnthe 30 minute wait  into a 45 minute wait . the staff apologized profusely for the delay . i guess the kitchen got slammed unexpectedly . luckily we had the day off and no where else to go so we didnt mind too much.nnmy hubby and i both had the egg sandwich but mine without bacon . it was scrumptious . every ingredient was top notch . my only complaint about the sandwich is that on the menu it said it has avocado when actually it is guacamole . the problem with this guacamole is that it was full of raw onion . i despise raw onion . if i would have know i would have skipped the guac . may sound finicky but i scraped off every piece of onion off the sandwich before i ate it . nnwe also shared a side of breakfast potatoes which were cooked perfectly . crispy on the  tender on the inside . yum.nnthe staff is helpful warm and a  of fun . even with the raw onion issue the  bloody mary and the long wait for food the exceptional service and yummy food made up for the shortcomings . we look forward to our next visit and cant wait to sample the rest of the menu .
__label__pos i had an ongoing issue in my home and i had  come out . the  and i discussed solutions and then he got a 2nd opinion from management so that the actions they would take would have the best possible outcome . the  day joe showed up found the problem and worked hard to fix in the most cost effective manner . i  at least two followup calls and a  to make sure that i was   with their work . great customer service and their work  my problem . i will definitely recommend to friends and use again .
__label__pos  was fantasticnbeer  was very good  was very  .  in a  
__label__pos waking up at 11am in vegas leaves little for the  when it  to food . we still wanted breakfast but also wanted to make it to the pool so we could find lounge chairs we figured walking through the mgm on the way to the pool wed find something but to no  . pub 1842 was our only option and even they didnt open until 1130.nnwe were the second  to get in and we sat at the bar for faster service . although our bartender didnt know a lot about the breakfast menu we picked something quickly . we  the andouille sausage sandwich which he told us came with fries.nnwe were very pleasantly surprised . the sandwich was so good the bread used was like a thin version of texas toast without all the carbs . it was delicious and almost melted in your  . the fries served with the sandwich were also  they were heavily seasoned with something like a general seasoning salt but they were delish nni would definitely come back for that sandwich . we shared it between the two of us and we couldnt  make a dent in the fries .
__label__pos pizza is delicious and made  in  of you awesome lunch  .  staff and  on  . cant   better
__label__pos great gyro salad . the gyro  is really  . friendly  .  is done with love so it make take a little  to get but its well  it . try it . youll be  back .
__label__pos the first impression of this place is that it is in the middle of nowhere . it is also really small inside . nstaff immediately greets you and  the  . theyre all very  and helpful . ni had their new veggie burger . black   chipotle burger with coleslaw and avocado . it was quite delicious . i hate coleslaw but this was very edible . quite delicious . i had it paired with truffle fries they were pretty good as  . nmy friend had a slaw chee salad with seared ahi . it was very tasty . we both agreed we could eat that every week for the rest of the foreseeable future . ni can see us going back here really soon . everything was delicious even their water which had oranges strawberries and such in it . ni hate how small this place is though . we were there for lunch and many people were leaving or taking food to go since there was nowhere to sit . i wouldnt want to take food to go from here . it is nowhere near home nor anywhere else you can go sit and eat . all around this place is very good . just be wary of going in at typical  times . it cleared out a bit by 3pm . around 130 though there was nowhere to sit . ni cant wait to go back and try some different things . i dot eat meat so there isnt a vast amount of  i can eat but there is a few good choices .
__label__pos i dont understand all these   . this place is bomb i got tacos and chips here on my way out of the palms and even after my 20   home the food was delish the carne asada in the  was tender and full of flavor and the . i  i  closed to the hotel so i could  here more often
__label__pos   tacos at nongourmet price . great patio and service .  selection limited but cool  .    .
__label__neg   and   these    .  service but mediocre food . enjoy drinks but skip the bland food .
__label__pos   sushi barnnyes they have a sushi bar  and  it is  
__label__pos beer selection was   both  and bottle  of mine dvd new  to try also . location is  to lots if other  . very walkable neighborhood . friendly knowledgeable staff . had live music also on my  night visit .
__label__neg we were very excited to visit the new snooze in phoenix with our relatives from denver . we arrived on a sunday morning at 10 am and were told that the wait time was 60 to 75 minutes . two hours later after checking with the hostess  times after 90  we were told that we were the next table and that there were only 3 names ahead of us . i didnt have the heart to ask what that meant obviously by the time that we were seated we had decided which items each of us would order . between the 8 of us we each ordered something different to try and get a good cross section of the offerings . ok lets start with the positive . our  was excellent . ummmmmmmmm i didnt try the bacon but it looked fine . our booth was comfortable . silverware was clean . now the rest of the story . one would think that with a two hour wait the food should be pretty darn impressive . most of the people who were around us while we were waiting were also making their first visit to snooze am  . it will be interesting to see how long the hype can keep crowds curious . i ordered the corn beef hash . it arrived with 2 cold eggs over easy and a pitiful small helping of burnt has browns with less than an ounce of corned  . ive owned my own restaurant for 30 years it was less then an ounce . i tried 2 bites of each of the pancakes that we had ordered . the first to see how they were and the second to make sure that they were actually as bad as i thought after the first bite . i honestly dont know which was worse the presentation or the nasty taste . they all sounded great on the menu . well they can certainly talk the talk but they definitely can not walk the walk . lets just say that i would not return to this restaurant if it was across the street from my house with no wait and it was free . at 61 years of age and for someone who has eaten all over the  and eats out often this is by far the  food that i have ever been served in a restaurant . p.s . i know why they call the french  omg . it was exactly what i said as i pushed the plate away .
__label__pos i first learned about snooze am eatery while on a  trip to denver . the food and staff was amazing so i had to try the local one in phoenix . the place was packed which is a constant and there were already several people waiting outside . i took my new girlfriend with me and we were told it would be a 15  to1 hour wait . they took my phone number so they could text me when our table was ready . we got the text about 50 minutes  and we sat at a shaded table outside . our  was incredible and we were fully taken  of and serviced in a timely and friendly manner  the whole experience . i ordered the omg french toast and it was wonderful as always i have had it a couple of times now . my girlfriend ordered the chile verde benny a woman after my heart which was also spectacular . even the house hashbrowns were firmly crispy on the outside and  . seriously how could you go wrong with this place
__label__pos great pulled pork  mac and  bbq  and    with  soft serve ice 
__label__neg overpriced food . they were out of a  of common items like cheese . blamed it on being busy it was saturday nightsunday  after all . took them like 5 minutes to find us some menus . i would never go again on a weekend . noise level  the same as a school cafeteria and the food tasted like it was from a school cafeteria as well in others words  loud  partiers and school cafeteria food with subpar service with a frown . nnthe rest of the place is cool if you just  a drink . and maybe a quick game of the many games available see pics and other reviews . the backyard can be  with the fire burning when the weather is cool . that is all good . the cafeteria  this place down . bar great food bad . pass on this place and hit up magnolias inside the 4 queens instead which also offers 24 hour dining . then maybe come back for a drink and a game of jenga .
__label__neg  joyride i really want to like you but i just cant . maybe i ordered the wrong things . i  to get the the tamales because they come with the house rice and veggies instead of having to pay extra for sides with the tacos . the tamales were just okay kind of expensive for what you get and i have to say i really missed having a side of beans built into the meal with the rice .  the white magic sauce is fantastic . a star for that alone maybe other mexican food places have spoiled me but seriously how much more expensive would it be to included some beans with the meal i also got the jamaica ... i mean hibiscus  and it was by far way too sweet . which was shocking for me because i love sugary sweet things and it was just too much . so much so i didnt even want dessert . ive never said that before . i always want dessert . the house salsa is okay . not bad but again not great and same goes for the chips . definitely not what they should be using to draw people into the place . i will say the staff is super  and attentive . maybe too much so . at least 5 different people asked us if we wanted more  and salsa . it made me wonder exactly who was our  if  is checking on us . nice but odd . anyway i promise to try you one more time for the tacos . fingers crossed itll be better .
__label__pos when i  arrived at firefly i didnt see the signs for parking in the rear so i thought it was   . i parked in the rear and had to walk past the dumpster with a man rummaging through it . nni sat at the bar . the redheaded server was very sweet and know her menu items . i was especially impressed when she told me what looked good out of the  that night.ni started with the salmon  . they had very good flavors but tasted very similar to bagel and loxsshould have listened to the waitress.nthe second dish i ordered was the shrimp diablo . the sauce was a  mix of spicy and sweet . the shrimp were cooked perfectly . nthe third dish i ordered was the lamb chops . they too were delicious . i would not  them if youre in a large party . noverall the food was good . the service was great .  critique would be the presentation of the dishes . they could have made them look a little better with the small plates .
__label__pos  what a fun restaurant being from out of town i was told by many people to take a little adventure off of the strip and go try it out . what a great decision.nnthe menu is tapas style which is  my favorite thing in the entire world . i mean you can get so many different flavors and varieties each at  6 or something all while appreciating the  and fun atmospherennour table ordered the big bowl salad to start followed by the stuffed  amazing get these spicy beef salad  mac n cheese ahi tuna skewer  a la diabla sliders chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms merguez firefly fries and we all shared the seafood paella . everything ... .everything ... .was wonderful nnthis sounds like a lot of food but keep in mind that it is tapas style.. between 7 girls it came out to be like 24 bites per dish they were perfect for sharing also our server was spectacular and  was served relatively quickly given the restaurant was packednnoh try their blackberry and raspberry infused vodka andor a pitcher of the blood orange mojitos . trust me you will love.nnthis will be one of the first stops when i go back to vegas
__label__pos from sf  time here and this time for my birthdayhubbys present for me love love love this place . pitcher of sangria ... .of course but try infused vodka martini soooo awesome . foodgotta try  dates of the hook we had 4 other dishes also of the  thanks to our friend  for  this place also our server lalo thank u for taking care of  and for my birthday  u r 
__label__neg i am not sure why other people gave this restaurant more that 2 stars . i had a terrible dinner.nn the appetizer called a charcuterie plate was dry bland toast triangles squares of cheese like we used to have in high school some dried cranberries and almonds . nntheir twisted burger which was supposed to be their specialities had so much overly  onion jam barely cooked bacon unmelted cheese and tons of mayo that it was inedible.. the fries were cold . and the most surprising part was the wine pour barely 3 oz . in a big wine glass . the owner was running the bar . and the waitress told us thats all he allowed . the wine was really good and was from their own winery . you would think they would give at least a  pour as bottles are available for purchase . talk about poor marketing after commenting to the waitress the second glass had a little more . i asked to taste a wine and was  the bottle wasnt open and i would have to order a glass . wouldnt it have made more sense to open the bottle as i  have purchased it or at least had 12 glasses . poor  again.nnthis was the second time i  this restaurant knowing it was bad the first . but wanted to give them another chance as they were new the first time . i would have thought they would cater more to their patrons as this time of the year most of us in  are residents and it could become one of our favorites . i hate to see restaurants destroy themselves when a new chef and some better customer service along with a customerfriendly owner could surely help.nn by the way the food pictures below were not even on the menu .
__label__pos great        .  a few bucks off to boot with yelp coupon tipped the guys there with the proceeds ...
__label__pos  has  my  spot in charlotte .  service food and value.nive never left there disappointed.nnfavorite dish shredded chicken salad .
__label__pos this is the  pizzeria in  they  brick oven pizza  just like nyc grimaldis ni love the atmosphere outdoor and indoor dining along with a quiet bar  . they serve the food  . i   this place to everyone .
__label__neg    food is   and   and scammers walked in for a take out paid for my food and asked them how long it will take . they said about 15mins . i was in a rush so i decided to get gas which is in the same shopping complex . told the ladyowner i will be back to pick up my food . so when we came back 15 mins later i sent my husband to get the food and i stayed in the car with my baby . he was in there a few mins and comes out saying we never ordered . so at this point i was heated for now i am running late for work . i go in there and the lady again denies i was in there 25 mins earlier and that she doesnt remember . are you frickin kidding me now at this point i was irate and fuming . i noticed there was a camera and told the lady to run it . this is just 25 minutes later . she was blabbering and says ok well cook the order no apologies instead she tells me its been a long day ... retards i know i shouldve asked for a receipt but i figured i was only gone 15 mins . camera was just probably for display and when i mentioned that she kinda backed off . i wonder how many other people they scam they need to be shut down and again food is not good ... we were rushing and hungry that i didnt even think they might have put something in my  ... well karma will get them if ever
__label__pos my  and daughter and i came and had  chicken and chicken tikka . our  was  . service was fantastic and kept our drinks full . we were checked on by managers and servers . this place is the   food on the  area .  sizes are generous also
__label__neg after the gym earl and i decided to pick up a smoothie at protein house . it was a very nice clean . upon  at the blackboard i dont see a  of juices so i inquired . the not so friendly cashier said they only offer  juice the green monster . i chose green monster and earl chose the berry blast smoothie . the ingredients used to make green monster includes spinach  water honey dew pineapple lime ginger cucumber and kale . tasted like kale and spinach juice though . there was no hint of sweetness from the fruits.nnearls berry blast smoothie which we could only taste whey  . overall glad we tried it so we know to get something  next time . i like to  a place  before writing it off therefore meh for now .
__label__neg ive been here a few times . once with my family once with a friend once alone and once with my sister . every time i feel like i spent a bit too much . also i dont think ive ever left there feeling  either . its bright and noisy . but then again it is more of a family place . nnthey do have their nonnegotiable menu . its simple its pretty and everything sounds good . they have their  up assembly line style . ordering is easy . if you have any troubles the employees in line will throw out a suggestion or two . ive tried the crab avocado melt the turkey bacon avocado i think you can tell that i like avocado and the asian bbq pork . the crab and the turkey were pretty good theyre paninis but the asian bbq pork is sticky and kind of a pain to eat . it is good but im better off buying a bahn mi . bahn mis are usually cheaper too . i havent tried their salads . they didnt seem interesting enough for me . their soups are never hot theyre always this awkward warm temperature . im not sure if they could microwave them but if im paying 7.99 for soup and a sandwich id expect the food to be adequate . ive tried the lobster bisque which isnt bad . ive also had their swiss onion soup thats a temporary item . it was good . another thing is that their soup station was messy . i saw the assembly food line workers chatting amongst themselves so im pretty sure they had time to at  wipe it down . nnwith the 7.99 combo it comes with a slice of cold bread loaf and a chocolate dipped strawberry . sexy huhnyeah i guess it could be sexy ... unless you think fruit bugs and leaves are sexy . not judging if you arenthe first issue i had with the strawberries is that there were leaves melted in with the chocolate . honestly how could you miss that how can you expect your customers to not notice it luckily that time i brought it up and they switched it out . easy . done . i didnt even have to ask them to switch it out.ntonight was another story . after my sister ate her strawberries she started freaking out because a bug that crawled out of the bag . it was a tiny bug . like the  you find with the berries you didnt wash yet . first i brought the bag to the cashier . i asked if they wash the berries or if they even inspect them or  . shes like yeah we wash them . sorry about that . in the most omg its late and i just want to get out of here . its not my fault you have issues . attitude ever . didnt offer if i want to talk to the manager or anything . that was a problem for me . im like okay thanks i guess . i waited for a bit and waited until a busser came by . i told her what happened and she brought out joe the manager . joe explained to me that its corporate policy that the berries come prewashed . he said the chocolate wouldnt stick to it otherwise . he then said they would keep an extra eye out when they inspect it in the morning . he offered another dessert or another strawberry which was nice . we didnt take it we were a bit grossed out by the bug . nnyeah i can say with a lot of  that we wont be returning there . ever . not even if you paid for my meal . if i wanted soup or anything like what they have panera  is down the street and sweet tomatoes isnt far from there either . if you do go just watch out for bugs
__label__neg this review is for the taco stand in  of reynas which is run by the same owner as reynas and casa reyna . note that this is not the same stand as the one around the corner on 21st   the alley from pamelas.nni got an order of three tacos from them on a cold day a couple weekends ago . the meat was cold before i could start eating it and i assumed it had just cooled off quickly . nnwithin a few hours everything i had eaten was leaving me in a hurry . i felt sick and weak for the rest of the day and was  and completely empty the next morning.nnnever going back of course . this doesnt directly reflect on casa reynas inside  but since the same people run it it makes me worry about their food  standards .
__label__neg i ordered a chicken avocado sandwich . i was  freshly made . the lady got the sandwich from the  and just put avocado and put it to panini grill . what the heck was that if wanted that i couldve made my own sandwich at home . my over all experience was not good . subway makes better sandwich than them and its freshly made in the spot . it was 7.69 just for that ni   protein  shake for 4.99 and i think i couldve  better just saying honey water old banana from previous sale strawberries and cheap looking peanut butter . never again . definitely not coming back on this location . az mills location is  than this  thats all . bye
__label__neg they dont  on the ac . instead they use a ghetto fan to cool the entire restaurant . nthe service is horrible . instead of   each table is okay they would rather chat amongst themselves . if you plan on asking multiple times for napkins or other stuff then come here . even if they do remember to give napkins theyll only give you one or two . they got our order wrong multiple times . even when they were taking our order they were impatient in  for us to decide what we wanted . ndo not order any kind of rice  . also do not order any  of  drink.nin summary do not come here to eat . nbad service lousy food and no ac .
__label__pos    thai food nni love that another place is close by for thai . i had been wanting to try out this place for the last few months . nni was stuck at work due to being short staffed so a few of us ordered .    currys so im always down to try them before anything else . nni had the panang curry w chicken . they didnt ask for a spice level on the phone so it was pretty spicy . which is fine with me the spicier the better . as long as it doesnt burn your mouth to where you cant taste the flavors . nthe curry was very good very flavorful and rich . nnthe lunch specials are insanely cheap . you get a huge scoop of rice a spring roll and soup with your order . most of them are under 6. thats insanely cheap for some good  . nni cant wait to go back and try more dishes . the pictures look awesome
__label__neg wow we were so surprised by the  of food . we ordered delivery for the onetopping 12 medium buffalo wing and 2 liters of coke . nnthe pizza was a thin limp greasy sad specimen that easily split into a congealed latticework of cheese and bread . there was no tomato sauce . nnthe wings were cooked hard and were so plain we had to  on a  sauce search . we found about a teaspoons worth most of it stuck on the  of the foil . nndipping sauce came with the wings . it wasnt blue cheese . it wasnt ranch . it actually reminded me of the  french onion powder you mix with sour cream . nnthe only thing i wasnt disappointed with was the coke . nnwe took  so you wouldnt think we were lying.nnupdate onn april 21 2014 i was notified by yelp that my photos of the pizza and wings had been removed because the  and captions werent generally representative of the business . im hoping that means my terrible experience was oneina million
__label__pos the attic is the best place to  a sunday bicycle ride ashley is great for mixing the mimosa just  and  which  will be my new favorite the staff at the attic make you  at  and welcomed . the patio  is so perfect for our  relax time . thank you to ashley and the crew at the attic for making our sundays special .
__label__neg first time . wondering if it will be the last . waiting almost an hour for our food and drinks to arrive we were on the verge of walking out . nnwe took a table on the deck because it was a perfect night outside . a little crowded thats what  our interest from the street . either its  good food or its such a small town not too many other places for people to go on friday night . nnwe were not impressed . a few reasons ill state below . nnit took 45 minutes to almost an hour for our food and drinks to  to the table warm beer folks and no our beers didnt just magically show up it was after we asked and yelled to get attention from the waitress . nnwe are sober  all the drunk people around us receive excellent service . there was waitresses walking past us without a glance of acknowledgement that we are waiting not even eye contact . felt like we were the table that no one wanted to help only 4 of us . i  see waitresses mingling with the crowd but more talking and gabbling than actual  . nnfood and taste i wasnt too  with the burger that i received . a plain jane if you asked me . standard . a massive chunk of lettuce doused with mayo and barely any seasoning on the meat . for the wait it was not worth it and absolutely not a repeat . the only part that was good was our appetizer nachos and fries . nnat the end receiving our check . the typical apologetic waitress sorry for the service we received . i do appreciate the apology but sometimes thats just not enough first your apology is way too late and second if you are  sorry that we had a disservice tonight drinks or at least the appetizer should be on you or the manager to give us a 10 discount . something that lets us know that you actually cared for your customers . we received none of that .
__label__neg review does not pertain to nightlife scene here place did have people pouring in as we were leaving around 1030nncame here to watch the ufc fight with a group of friends . i would give them zero stars if i could they only get 1 star because they didnt charge to watch the fights and because they had a decent selection of apps and drinks for happy hour . while the selection was decent the food was not nnthe blackened chicken nachos had an option to add guacamole for 1 this came as 1 sliver of avocado and a tiny bed of pico de gallo . the chicken was not blackened in fact it had no seasoning or flavor at all ... was more like boiled chicken breast . nnthe artichoke crab dip was salty and im not  about using salt when i cook yet lacked any real flavor and wasnt good . nnthe buffalo chicken flatbread was ok. nothing special but better than the other items.nnthe loaded potato soup couldve used some more chunks of potato and bacon as well as some pepper . but still was decent compared to the rest of the food . nnmy friend ordered the chopped salad which said it came with ranch yet when it  it had balsamic on it . she mentioned it to the waitress who replied no it doesnt come with ranch it doesnt  come with a specific type of dressing . then my friend says well on the menu it  it comes with ranch . the waitress grabs a menu to disprove this only to realize that the menu does in fact say ranch . i know theyve only been open  weeks but the servers should  what the dishes  with ... and if theyre not sure they definitely should not argue with the customer who just read the menu a few minutes ago . nnthey also removed the pool tables air hockey and dart board that ranch house used to have . on the plus side they still have beer  tables new ones in fact ... which is an upgrade . nnoverall pretty terrible food mediocre service reasonably priced drinks during happy hour . if this is your idea of a good time then check this place out otherwise go eat at tommy bahama cafe and order the steak saladcarnitas sandwichbourbon ribs and coconut pineapple cakekey lime piebarbados brownie instead and grab some drinks at yard house after .
__label__neg im  relieved to  that the mechanical bull is gone but other than that it looks like  have gone  downhill since the  time came around . nnfood unspectacular . ndrinks ordinary . nservice unrefined . nnif im looking for an   in  square im likely to go elsewhere.nif im looking for an irish bar im definitely going elsewhere .
__label__pos lots of   of      
__label__neg  other  ... you get what you  for ... best  was the beer . prayed i wouldnt    .
__label__pos the pizza is great flavorful   cheese awesome  and the slices are    . great place for  quick clean and reasonably  .
__label__neg upgrade to one star based on the fact that we did eventually get resolution to our issue . and now the details ... nwe made the mistake of not looking up this store on yelp when we happened by it after going elsewhere in the same shopping center the dump . we found a kitchen table that fit the bill for the size we had in mind . we had a very friendly salesman and worked out a price that we could stomach and purchased the set . next how to get this set into our kitchen . we had two options 1. have it delivered for a fee or 2. pick it up . well i had a vehicle large enough to  the set so i wanted to do that . whats that you say i have to go way out to the avenues to pick it up hogwash we opted to pay delivery and not have to don our kevlar vests to make the pickup . ok i favor the east valley sue me . nthat is where things went sideways .  warehouse folks did not call the day before our scheduled delivery which concerned me as that was the one thing i was promised as the time was a range . no call within a couple hours of delivery so i called the store who got me the warehouse number . when i called i was told that the set was on the truck and on the  . i confirmed the address and they had the wrong name and address . they were trying to deliver my set to some guy out in the wv . they rerouted the truck and they eventually arrived after 500pm when we had a morning delivery scheduled . nupon assembly they quickly left and we took some time to inspect the merchandise . there were two issues 1. one chair wobbled due to a leg being about 12 shorter than the  . the second issue was in relation to a bench that came with the set . it had a upholstered seat and it appeared a box had been placed on it leaving a depression that was pretty severe . we gave it 24 hours to even out but it didnt . we then called the warehouse and were asked by a skeptical sounding lady to text her  of the bench so she can make sure acme the manufacturer would do a replacement . instead we stopped by the store to let them know the issues we had with the delivery . the customer service manager was very friendly and helpful . he ordered new legs for the chair and another bench . the legs came into the store and i picked those up but there would be a wait for the bench . again they did not call to confirm the delivery window when the promised date arrived . when i called the warehouse to confirm again i was told that they always call . i begged to differ but again she was skeptical . by the  we got the replacement bench delivered nearly a month had passed since the original purchase . notably the new bench  looked a little different than the other it was much less loosely covered.nnoverall the store experience was decent at least i was told what they thought that i wanted to hear the product quality was mediocre but the delivery process and warehouse employee made me want to ... write a review on yelp .
__label__pos good   and  .    about   to check them out .
__label__pos ive been meaning to  the french grocery for a while now . finally checked it out a few weekends ago and have been back   since . the pot roast sandwich with a side of pomme  is  and made for a great  halloween hangover cure . the  are  the best ive had and all of the sweets that ive tried have been perfect also .
__label__pos   ...  the green tea ice cream  they were out.. got the thai tea   instead very good ill be back for the   lots of exotic flavors
__label__pos we visited this little restaurant  week and it was great it is a family owned  and everyone working was super nice and eager to please . the  was delicious and fresh and some of the best i have had . everything is made in house and you can tell . we also got the pasta bolognese which was good . while waiting for our takeout i saw a plate of spaghetti and meatballs go by and it  amazing something i will have to try next time . the only  would be that it lacks in decor and is very small but something that is easy to get over since the food is outstanding . it is also very  which is a must so if you are looking for a  place to grab dinner or just to get takeout  give this place a chance
__label__pos been   and   food    three total dishes in fact . this is the kind of hole in the wall neighborhood treasure that everyone always searches for . if they keep making  this good it will need a larger dining area . the only possible improvement would be better silverwareplatesnapkins but who cares about that
__label__neg habit burger . a habit i do not want.nntonight after shopping up a storm with the mrs. buying up scottsdale for christmas we were famished  hungry starving and running on empty . we thought ... lets try that new burger place nnso after the umteenth jewelry store it was late real late we jumped into the family truckster and gunned it over to cactus before it bluehairs could cut us off once again in their mad dash of the xmas frenzy weve battled all day . pulling into a welcoming empty lot and slid into habit burger . it was new clean and looked appealing . i was excited . nni ordered the tritip sandwich with bbq sauce that i had to walk back up to get later .  potato fries and a chocolate shake no whip for thats how i roll and the mrs went for the  chicken salad.nni ate what i could except for the big ol grizzly piece of hard sinew that was found in my sandwich . i  it up to the counter to let them know and do i get a sorry or what can we do to make it  ... hell no . the counter persons just says ... ok. what did i hear you right okay thats it well fine i go to leave and as i turn at the door just in time to witness the counter girl showing the piece i left with her to her store manager and they both give me an evil look as i exit.nnokay no its not okay . i want someone just to say were sorry . they obviously are not . you just lost a customer for life and ill make it a habit never to return.nneek methinks not . i wish you  with serving sublevel  to the masses .
__label__neg omg  for the  being ... no hostess confusion out the  was this a soft opening with no workers what so ever that  what they are doing wow wow ... who  reviewed this place ... what were you reviewing the  that you were the only one there maybe u get service but talk about unprepared.. it was crazy they had tables but no one who  what they were doing on the floor it was a mad house nwe checked out didnt even get menus our water within the first 10mins of siting there and watching the  unfold
__label__pos if you go to a  expecting  food than this is your place . the food is fantastic . i mean superb if it were in l.a.  york or san francisco you would have to  weeks for a reservation . the ropa vieja portion was   but i kept eating even after i was full because it tasted so good . the yuca was the best i have ever had ... . even in havana do yourself a  favor and have a meal here .
__label__pos what a fun and cute little place for 20 you can get a prefixed menu of sweets you get a sorbet a main dessert dish and a small vanilla or chocolate pastry . for 7 extra you can get a wine paring with your main dessert . the desserts are pretty good but the best part of it its the amount of detail that they have . so many ingredients and decorations that  this place very  . the only bad part is that it  take a long time to get your dishes . i  with two of my girlfriends and we all ordered at the same time but got the dishes at  times ... . each five minutes after the other . they did not coordinate and bring all the dishes at the same time which was very inconvenient if you are a sucker for warm  you must get the red rock instead of  chocolate its a soft cake filled with strawberry it was delicious the mt fuji was also very good but you should only get it if you like chocolate and tons of frosting we also tried the  which is perfect for someone who is not that into sweets and prefers a refreshing dessert overall a must try at least once in your lifetime
__label__neg the food was decent for the price but the service was horrible . we went there last friday night shortly after midnight and only 5  were full . they seemed to have several servers available yet we never received  refills in over an hour and it took nearly a half hour to order our food . it was so bad i advised another server that we were ready to order and she also blew us off . further the servers do not  their menu very  . i was offered a spicy honey mustard but the guy had no clue what was in it to  it  . turns out it was horseradish and was pretty  but he seemed upset that i dare ask . i always tip a minimum of 20 but could not justify it at all this  .
__label__neg the star is for the unsweetened ice tea which was good . although it did take a while for it to  to the table.nnthe chips were thick and tasted stale . the pico de  in the words of my spouse was unseasoned and gross . the house salsa tasted like tomato  even my tenyearold  it.nnid  to tell you how the food  but i cant because after  for our meals in a  empty restaurant for almost 45 minutes we left .
__label__pos went there for  last night ... last  during our stay at mb . would i give this   stars on every night perhaps not but on this night it was excellent . our server james was  and friendly with great  . attentive servers all around to clean our table when necessary and provide drink  . the crispy rice appetizer is very good ... just bite the bullet on the price at 21 ... ive not had anything like it . we also ordered three sushi rolls spicy tuna yellowtail and spicy salmon the green beans side and vegetable tempura . i would pass on the tempura ... not a lot of flavor and you dont get much given the cost .
__label__neg my boyfriend and i stayed there last weekend . our first time at this hotel . i thought the room was clean and spacious . the smell in the hall of chemicals from cleaning the carpets lasted the whole weekend . it was not pleasant . id suggest water steam cleaning . food was good at the hotel . the smoke was bad . at checkout i had to step outside  like i couldnt breathe and i was only downstairs maybe 15 min tops the night before . and i dont have asthma or a cough . nthe  area was nice but beware of the chemicals . the hot tub wasnt  but we popped in it . the chemical smells again were nasty . you could  it on your skin . we didnt stay in it . after cleaning ourselves off we were driving home the next day and we still smelled the chemicals on our skin . it ruined my new swimsuit . it still smells like chemicals after 3 washings one in vinegar to  to rid of the smell . it took a couple days for our skin to return to normal . that is just not healthy . we paid 40 for resort fees for our stay to have that happennstaff was nice . i asked for a blanket one evening none on the bed and was told they dont have any . never got one the  time i was there . luckily had a comforter in the car i dragged up into the room.ngood deal yes but not sure id stay there again for these reasons .
__label__neg while several dishes were very good i.e . falafel and hummus twice we have been burned by entrees . a  chicken was obviously  and  out with a rubberlike  and a beef  was as  as tupperware.nthe kitchen has quality control issues but hopefully is talented  to remedy them in the future .
__label__pos    bar in  .  nnthe summit is a dimlylit a plus in my book bar that offers an oftchanging also good menu of craft cocktails . over the winter my favorite of these was a spiked hot cider drink . these guys also make a damn good manhattan.nnif youre looking for a decent selections of bourbons whiskeys and ryes this is also your place.nnthey usually have some interesting beers and wines on the menu as well and i was pleased one weekend to learn that they carry prosecco too . yes you can pop bottles.nntheres a shelf with games in case your group wants to play drunk jenga . nnthere are a few small tables with chairs but i think the use of the space is good . there are softcushioned stools at the bar . nnim a big fan of the ownersmen behind the  who are friendly and knowledgeable about their drinks . the usual bouncer is often reading an interesting book at his post.nnmy only complaint is the music its usually loud hip hop . for a cool craftcocktail place with dark atmosphere the music seems off . its hard to hear people talk and its not like its a dance club but it may just be my personal preference .
__label__pos i love the atmosphere here . although i would  it is easiest to just hope into a set at the bar and  full service then going through the line . their sea  caramel milkshake is yummy . i finished it before i even got my burger . i got a veggie burger with a gluten free bun . i felt like giving it a shot  though i love me some beef . it was delicious although the gluten free bun was a little flimsy.nmy  got their  swiss burger and fries which he polished off with no problem . he would go back  and that is saying a lot . he has high burger standards . i would recommend it .
__label__neg you know those seafood places that smell like seafood but not in the good way this seems to be one of those places from my first visit here . the  impression this place left on me was ... well that fishy smell not off to a good start ... ... . myself and a few coworkers stopped here for lunch . as it is a relatively new location that did not open too long ago . i figured they would have their best foot forward . sure hope that was not the case . nncant  the name of the server we only saw him 3 times during the whole visit . 1 bring water and take order 2 drop off food 3 drop off check . now let me clarify i do not expect to be served  a king i am not a nose up type of person . however when we had to ask for a refill on drinks from a different  that happened to be walking by then i started to question the service.nnthis brings me to the food . part of the drink refill debacle was due to the fact that all of the food we ordered was overly salty . we were all parched and need large amounts of water to wash down the food . the  soft shell crab was not very impressive scrawny little guys 90 shellbreading 5 meat 5 greasesalt . the fries were not bad but they were nothing to write home about either . the potato salad was pretty good . nni will probably give this place another shot as  place has its off days .  just hoping that this was an off day and not the  at crab corner .
__label__pos a bit off the beaten  but youll find the best and most authentic thai food in scottsdale here . the pad thai is amazing as is the  curry . the food is fresh and flavorful and reasonably  .  they make everything to your desired spice level . service is friendly and  . the restaurant is clean and decorated in a cheery and  thai style with thai costumes adorning the  . light lavender shades of  go handinhand with the service with a smile you will find at cha da thai . the thai iced coffee is delicious . i will definitely be back
__label__neg food is decent not great but not  . service is all over the place . they seem overwhelmed by the usual crowds of  folks who like to hang out there after work and drink . brought my family there  weekend and ordered a bunch of appetizers and each ordered an entree . they brought nothing for a long time forgot to bring one of our drinks and never asked about refilling our drinks ... finally they brought the entrees closely followed by the appetizers . i spoke to the manager about that one . honestly youd think this was run by high  students . the wait  all seemed to be about 16 years old perhaps 20 at most and they seemed ... confused ... . nnok as for the food we ordered wings which were dry not coated with a sauce like every other wing place i have been to . their pizzas are decent and served on  platforms that take up so much room that we ran out of room at the table . i ordered tacos which were really unimpressive and kind of dry.nnoverall not a good experience .  a good place to go after work and have a beer if you work at google . not a place to bring a family . too noisy and badly run .
__label__pos one of the best and least expensive gyms around . i pay  a  and it has  i  . good machines plenty of  equipment a squat rack a pool and  of free weights . nni have looked at several  in my area and this  was handsdown the best in price and options
__label__pos after following them on instagram for some time i decided to pop in for  with my son and  . right when we walked in we were pleasantly greeted and asked if it was our first time there . we said yes and she asked if wed like some meat samples . whaa yes please she explained what each meat was and what our meal options were . because of that i ended up ordering two types of  instead the  for all the meats were so rich and tasty i ended up choosing the kalua  and the pulehu steak in a  with a bunch of selections from their toppings bar including the yummy seaweed rice . the portion sizes were great and the quality of the food was perfect for their affordable pricing . we also ordered their award winning coconut bark and omg its to die for im not the biggest fan of coconut but this stuff is amazing we ended up ordering another box to take home . i ended up  the owner as we were leaving and he was so humble and thankful for our service . well definitely be coming back
__label__pos loved this place . first read about braddahs on the knpr auction website . didnt bid then but regretted having missed that  so  on a chance to buy a groupon when the opportunity arose .  visited the restaurant on thursday night .  with a group of 4. each of us chose a different optionsalad rice bowl burrito tacosand each was  with hisher choice . in  to the delicious food we were impressed by the friendly helpful staff . they offered us samples of the meats and accepted our groupon without any issue . we will be returning againand again .
__label__pos im writing this review in the midst of the happy food coma this restaurant put me in . i was so excited when i found out that short leash was going to be unleashed to become their own stand along restaurant this means that i dont have to chase a truck to get my short leash fix anymore we  here the first available moment and tonight was the night . knowing that short leash has a cult following and others would probably be lining up to eat here too we came early at about 530. im so glad we did because by the time we left at 645pm there was a wait almost out the door nnthe hot dogs are exactly what you would expect delicious schreiners sausages sandwiched between fresh naan with a variety of different delicious ingredients on top . there are several unique hot dog entrees to choose from and you can also build your own dog . we started with the corn dog bites which come on  sticks and are accompanied by a ranch and a  sauce . the corn dogs are amazing freshly made corn dog batter and cheese infused sausage . for my entree i decided to go with a class short leash special the sunny which is a chicken sausage with grilled fruit goat cheese prosciutto and arugula . its one of my favorite hot dogs and the perfect combination of ingredients . besides the hot dogs that  them the local  they are today this restaurant has some new additions to the menu including salads and sliders . they also have beer on tap so you can have a beer with your dog nnas for the environment its very neighborhood friendly . everyone is encouraged to be friends while they eat and this is reflected by the communal tables . be prepared to dine with a couple strangers who might become newfound friends if you come during peak hours . if you dont feel like taking the chance to have to dine at a communal table then i suggest that you  at the bar . its simple sophistication inside with a cool feel to it . brad and kats friendly  comes to life as brad welcomes you inside while kat cooks up a storm in the back . nni am so happy that this successful food truck has turned into an adorable restaurant . their food service and charm has rolled over nicely into their new restaurant i will happily return again soon to get my short leash fix . nn nafter dining on our hot dogs we headed next door for a piece of pie from another food truck success story mamma toledo who opened up the pie hole next door . look for that review coming up next
__label__neg this place does not know  about mercedes  oil changes so please use caution . they did my oil change and when i left my oil level indicator came up also it was supposed to be a synthetic oil change which is supposed to be changed  5000 miles but they put a sticker to come back after 3000. i  it back and the  technician had only filled up 4 quarts instead of the required 8 quarts . they  broke my oil sensor in which i had to take to the dealership to get  thank god i had a warranty on it . when i came back to complain they quickly changed the 3k sticker to 5k and said sorry . this place might be good for normal cars but if you are driving a luxury  do not take it here have a good day and drive safe
__label__neg so   to   hair in the  . reading others reviews its happen to others . nnmakes my stomach turn . it honestly  pube liked ... just missing the curly  .
__label__neg last  i will ever come to this place . i ordered  out . they said 20 minutes over the phone . i  10 minutes after the 20 and they said they were  up and didnt know how long they would be . not even an estimate . then i finally get my order after waiting another 20 minutes . when i got  to eat my food the wings were  and there was barely any sauce . terrible customer service . i have never experienced this at any other  in the phoenix area and im always eating there since i love wings . sad to say this will be the first and  i will ever come to this location .
__label__pos la maison de la  du plateau que jadore  quelle est entre autres en face du mu00e9tro montroyal et  archiaccessible est aussi un lieu  ou00f9 se produire en  quartiste des arts de la scu00e8ne u00e0 lexposition.nnon y retrouve souvent des perles et en prime il y a une bibliothu00e8que sur les  quon peut consulter en tout temps.nntous les u00e9vu00e9nements y sont gratuits
__label__pos great pizza joint . fantastic  on pizza  format great crust and toppings . beer for 4.00 and 2.00 refills say what and great beer at that ... friendly  great patio that is  friendly . great place to hang out for dinner . no complaints and 5   stars .
__label__pos what an amazing event . after my fantastic first visit to yonaka i was so excited to see this opportunity pop up and booked my seat as soon as they were released . we arrived at noon on the  and were pleasantly surprised to see the sake tasting that was available for us . i have to admit we spent quite a lot of time trying nearly every sake available . this alone was worth the price of admission . nnfinally it was time to take our seats and indulge in a heavenly smorgasbord that was presented to us . they started slow with the chicken yakitori and shishito pepper and mushroom skewers with bonito flakes as an appetizer . then came our amuse of lemon snow ice with frozen grapes . it was delightful and so light and subtle . great way to tease our  for what was about to come . next was the hamachi which was accompanied with serrano peppers and grapefruit . nice and spicy but still very refreshing and flavorful . the scallop with melon snow ice was next and it was delicious . very interesting and innovative dish . the fried  was insane and blew me away for a bit . this was my  favorite course of the lunch . nnthere was a bit of a lull while we waited for our next servings and we took the opportunity to chat with our tablemates and get a few more tastes of sake . finally we took our seats again and the next course was presented . the whole mediterranean snapper arrived at our table and everyones eyes bulged right out of their heads . we were shocked to see a whole fish for every four people . fantastic . the skin was spectacular and so flavorful . my favorite dish of the meal . the yucca chips were pretty addictive as well . i could eat these instead of potato chips any day . large portions of braised  with egg cashews and served with a side of rice and tempura were also served at this time . this is when the gluttony reached a peak . just when we didnt think we could eat another bite the desserts arrived and they didnt disappoint at all . green tea snow ice with fried milk chocolate infused with green tea balsamic strawberry puree strawberry paper and milk dust . this was the perfect finale to our four hour brunch . nni cant sing the praises of this event enough . it was beyond my  dreams and i cant wait to attend another of these now monthly meals again really soon . thank you to everyone and yonaka and  shavery for a lunch to end all lunches .
__label__neg many airports these days are  to become more upscale there are sculptures and  and art and fancy food . in theory this is great if im going to pay more for buying food in an airport i might as well be  for something  right problem is when it goes wrong i just feel cheated . they should know betternntake humble pie . theoretically a gourmet pizza joint in the phoenix  the pizza they gave me was one of the worst ive had in years . the crust was soggy the toppings  the sauce sicklysweet and the greasiness unbearable . when i first picked up a slice all the toppings promptly fell off . i  to put the toppings back on but the greasiness of the pizza left me to eat it twohanded first a bite of the crust then a bite of the toppings.nnreally even if this place billed itself as a supercheap pizza joint id feel cheated .
__label__pos  new hot  .   food and  cool lounge upstairs . the  is incredible and  to share . the  is a must have
__label__neg my fiancu00e9 and i  to baku for the first time on my birthday . the service was wonderful and food presentation was excellent . we ordered the  dumplings chicken  spicy tuna roll and the butter fish . everything was just ok. asian food is my favorite cuisine . i have eaten at asian restaurants all over the country and this is  of the  on my list .  the chef was off tonight i dont know but he or she must not have been tasting the food . during dinner we even starting  what we were going to eat when we got home . unfortunately this visit was a fail for us and we may not be coming  .
__label__neg i also was a first time  using a groupon . i have to onestar them because they  to honor the groupon . i print groupons the day i buy them as a physical visual reminder to use them . my day of purchase printed groupon clearly stated on its face that its expiration date was december 5. i ate at the restaurant on december 5 and the management falsely  that the groupon was  . beyond the manipulative dishonesty of the management the food was very mediocre imho . the chicken teriyaki was a  skinless boneless chicken breast like you would buy by the bag at costco or sams club cooked barely long enough to no longer be raw with no flavoring or seasoning whatsoever . the vegetables were steamed but also with no  or seasoning whatsoever . the salmon teriyaki was the same story . the yakisoba was 180 degrees the opposite direction too much salty  . the decor is very nice and the restaurant has a nice ambiance and vibe but the mediocre food and bad groupon experience left a bad  in my mouth . we wont be back .
__label__neg this review is from august but it looks like nothing has  changed.nnfirst of all friend bought a  for 40 each all you can drink wells . they only had a specific list of drinks you could  . the bartender could only make one of them right . we even told him about it and he kept making them wrong . the place is super small and the floors are so sticky you cant even walk right . it also smelled like farts and  . the  sucked it took him way too long to  to the next song . the only positive the other bartender was  to make a screwdriver the right way . definitely not worth it
__label__pos  hair   guy  better service then ive ever  at any   . will definitely be  back
__label__neg got a groupon for 30 for 4. i asked the receptionistfront desk how much is the regular price and she said 10person . first the place is not busy not even 10 people  that big place .  i  was the dust infront of the receptionist tablecounter shes not busy why cant she wipe her counter i could write my name on it ... yikes the one star im giving is for the place its very classy minus the dust . restrooms are clean and can  it to a hotel on the strip . the servers are very nice and attentive . gave them a good tip food ... half star selection was not very good i guess because they are only open for like a few a hours they only cook one time and thats it food is very dry over cooked and very few selection . the only dessert are jello my daughter  a comment that its like a square gummy have a few fruits a pudding no cakes or  . they have that soft serve ice cream . im pretty sure this buffet will close in just a few weeks . we left like 1pm and they couldnt even fill up half the place . they are not open for dinner . thats why they charge so much its not for the food but to pay for their rent . my suggestion go to krazy buffet by sahara and cimarron or buffetasia they have a couple of  but the best one was at spring mountain and sahara . you wont even have to pay 10 for lunch and the food is way better than over here 10x way better save your money and just eat at panda  youll be very pleased never coming back here . its a waste of money gas and time .
__label__neg wanted to try a new local place but was unpleasantly surprised . from the outside the restaurant looks very nice however the empty parking lot should have been a sign to eat somewhere else . on the inside the booth we were placed in had multiple rips in the seat . not what i was expecting from a newly renovated  in the food area of  chandler . nnnext was the menu . my wife and i ordered the grilled hotwings better than moms meatloaf and a burger and a  of beers . simple barfood right our tab was almost 60.00 including a standard tip . the staff was appropriately dressed and was professional . nnlets start with the appetizer . the hot wings were on the small side  though they were advertised as being large and you only got 6  . the presentation was very nice  i am in a bar and was not expecting great presentation . i was expecting value which i did not receive paying more than 1.00 wing.nnnext the entree ... . the better than moms meatloaf was 17.00. i ordered it anyway since my mom made some incredible meatloaf and wanted to see what the offering was . greatly disappointed . the meatloaf came in 2 pieces and was very small . the meat was topped with an inedible garnish but it was everywhere so it impossible for you not to  some of it in your mouth .  potatoes were good and so were the steamed vegetables . their mom had to be a horrible cook because i would not consider it better than the fare my mom served on thursdays . nnmy wifes meal was a little better but how can you really mess up a hamburger . the fries had a funny taste to them as if they were making funnel cake in the same oil ... nnoverall i left the place feeling i got ripped off . i can order a prime rib less than 14 mile away at longhorn or charlestons for the same money or for a few dollars more i could go to flemings or roys . needless to say we wont be back .
__label__pos i must  i had very  hopes for this event and for the most part they pulled it off pretty well . i struggled a little bit on whether to give them three or four stars 3.5 would have been perfect score but yelp doesnt do halves but since everyone involved seemed to really enjoy themselves i couldnt help to give them the benefit of the doubt . it was very well organized and despite not being able to pick up my packet early i live in rock hill too far to  to concord twice picking it up the day of the race was simpleeasy 5 charge was a little too capitalistic for my taste but still cheaper than the gas i would have spent driving to packet pick up the cost to run this 5k is a little pricey considering all you get is a cotton tshirt and a race bib but i didnt feel like it was a ripoff because i did feel like i was on a real life game show and thats not an easy thing to produce . the start music was great and the obstacles are designed to be fun yet some where slightly challenging . the gorilla bars the get up and over and even getting up most of the slides requires some upper body and leg strength . the moon bounce foam slide and tarzan swing were more pure entertainment . the wrecking ball jumpy balls darn near impossible to do and sweeper were the only obstacles that had any real element of dangerfailure to them . cool runnings was by far the fan favorite as people kept going back to repeat it going down a slide on a inner tube the tire mile was really pointless afterthought that could be taken out for  the better . the big slide at the end was fun too but by then i was almost tired of the slides . i think they could have taken out the  and tire mile for the tight rope transverse and the aqua  other obstacles they have done in other cities but didnt do in charlotte as they only pick 12 and that would have added enough variety to keep it from feeling redundant . the end felt sort of anticlimactic as there was no celebration afterwards outside of the foam photo place which was cold and crowded at times . not much in the way in food or prizes . and for once at the drink stations at the mile markers can we get some actual cold watersport drinks seriously that nasty water out the hose almost made me gag . im surprised a drink  sponsor wouldnt  to market their product for a bunch of thirsty participants . at the end of the day people were having a good time . i was running with a group of about 89 people and that is the way to go . the more the merrier get dressed up act silly laugh at each other keeping everybody motivated when you get tired . dont go out there trying to take yourself serious or be a loner or you will be sorely disappointed . certainly a race i can recommend for casual runners like me and with just a few more tweaks it could be the best race hands down every year .
__label__neg by  the worst manicure  i have ever received . they  rude and provide low  services . i  need to  my nails to be even and my gel manicure was  on . better  doing your own nails .
__label__pos die falafeln    hervorragend und super spitze  gehe  in der mittagspause hin  das ist immer richtig gut.nzudem  man fast  mit freundlichkeit bedient .
__label__pos      .  the   .
__label__neg would not come here again . burnt crusts and  dough in the middle . not flavorful all the only taste that stood out was the burnt taste . they were  with the toppings . if you are going to charge a  a topping i expect more than three  of pineapple a slice . tables sat with  dishes . soda  wasnt that great needed more  i think . visitor beware
__label__neg sacbe i notice you delete all the negative responses you get on here . if you were a legit business man you wouldnt have to worry about negative reviews . how many people have you written bad checks too i for one gave you every opportunity to pay me back the 772.92 that you wrote a rubber check for and you snubbed your nose at me . how many more people are you going to do this too you have 6 llcs in the state and 5 are revoked and 1 is delinquent . you are a liar and a bum that rips people off and i for one am not going away or  my mouth you need to make it right your  but a liar and a thief . im not  away anytime soon so do the right thing and pay me back the money you stole from my business and my family . i will press this issue in front of the das office being the  that you have written bad checks to multiple other people it is a felony in the state of nv to  bad checks and i will pursue this matter daily until i get reimbursed the full amount or you are put in jail you can delete this and i promise you i will continue to repost on a daily basis . and for  else that has been ripped off by sign experts  feel free to contact me at 7024137773 or contact w. jake merback at the district attorneys office bad check diversion unit 7026714701
__label__pos great   from many   . 9  . great menu   pizza  service . good for pre or post theater or ball game .
__label__pos henry provided onsite legal  at a very reasonable price . i was very impressed by his  and preparedness . i felt henry was more than just a lawyerhe was a trusted partner when it came to  my difficult case . i was extremely satisfied with his services and would highly   and lawtruck.com to anyone in  of a  and experienced lawyer
__label__pos  little  . great  great products and    is very  and  .
__label__neg the food was good especially the sweet potato fries . the service was poor . the hostess  my cousins order  wrong and then was annoyed when we asked for the food that she actually ordered . she fought with us about whether she ordered what she said she did ... .. i ordered a salad which was overly drenched in dressing and it made me gag so i brought it to her and she refused to let me  it for something else so i had to purchase a whole  meal . i ordered the avocado  bean burger and it said it came with habanero cheese which was under other veggie options . when it arrived it had bacon on it no cheese whatsoever . how is it a veggie option if it had  i had to pick it off and they wouldnt give me any cheese . every  with the hostess was unpleasant she was obviously unhappy about her job ... or she just hated everyone . the food was  but i wont go back to this location because this chick was a grump
__label__pos   and blue fin   ... ..     wow
__label__neg interessante   in der stadt unfreundliche bedienung und  getru00e4nke   ist da   viel .
__label__pos had  last night here from a recommendation from chowhound . all in all a solid chinese restaurant in chinatown montreal . we ordered the lobster ginger for 25. i  this was  tasty although hard to eat lobster generally is . the lobster seemed large though and   we really enjoyed the mongolian beef . cooked well great  sauce and a nice  of  . for appetizer we had dumplings in peanut sauce which were good .
__label__pos i ordered the  katsu . it was on the salty  and just a smidge  . i should have stuck to pork but wanted to try  different . stick with the  or chicken.nnportion was  and the servers were friendly . solid 4  .
__label__neg  steak and blue saladdefinitely not  and dont  .  with ground up steak  barely  as  .
__label__pos         selection and a dinner menu to die for.nntry the calabrese piazzo perfect spice sweet chillies three cheeses and spicy sausage .
__label__pos sunday night   .  was excellent service was  and had a great  . also  happy  all day nnvery highly recommended . great  good ambience .
__label__pos  food    bar  . girl with short blond hair behind  was  . im sure this places gets better with time . id come 
__label__pos i went to good feet 6 years ago in  springsco and purchased 2 year aches supports . they lasted about three years . i do a  of walking on  and was very happy the improvement they made in  ware and  . i replaced them with life time arches and after 3 years just failed . the  in the tempe az store were very helpful and replaced the 350 arches for 13  .
__label__pos my  and sister ate here for sunday brunch yesterday it was my first time at the  . nthe overall decor and  of the entire  was very well done utilizing natural wood  and marble as the two major materials . seating upstairs had a great view the breeze and air circulation was perfect not too stuffy and not completely exposed to the outdoors.nmy food was really a set of good choices . to begin we all split an order of the portobello fries which are flash fried and lightly breaded and come with a pesto aioli dipping sauce . i was surprised with my first bite when the mushroom yielded a crispness and a snap they were delicious . my individual dish was the short rib hash which was  awesome the potatoes peppers and onions were all uniformly cubed very small allowing them to become intensely flavored with the drippings from the braised short rib . as for the short rib itself they generously pulled large pieces of the meat and  it among the large pile of hash veggies . it was topped with two perfectly poached eggs with a zesty lemon hollandaise sauce . cest magnifique nserver was not on her game she forgot almost everything we asked for didnt check on our food and had other servers bring the food to us with mistakes and yeah ... she was just blah.noverall ... ... ... ... .the short rib hash is a must
__label__pos great  .   is     spaghetti is full of  seafood and the butterfish is fantastic . bartenders can be hit or miss . small platessides are also hit or miss brussel sprouts were not good .
__label__neg hasnt happened to me in a while . i was almost delightednnfor years i avoided starbucks because i just drink black coffee plain old black coffee . and for years starbucks had the worst black coffee in the biz . it was burnedtasting probably overroasted in some effort to cut the  of the tons of sugar most people want in their coffee confections . so when id go to starbucks and theyd cheerily ask what can i get started for you id just say medium coffee black and usually they couldnt understand . then i got attitude . i got sick of it . i stayed away in droves.nnbut then they came out with that pikes placeu00a9 branded stuff everything needs to have a brand . intellectual capital and all that and it was ok and they stopped giving me attitude when id order it . maybe starbucks could be a coffee destination for me once again.nnso it was with some delight that my  at the drivethru speaker was greeted with a pause and softvoiced incredulity . when i rolled up to the window 2.50 in hand i beheld the almostoffended haughty visage of a tattooed coffee artisan who handed me a cup almost without making  contact . twoeleven he said flatly . i  him the money and said keep it trying to  over the poor dears rankled nerves . but an artist once offended cant be assuaged with a mere tuppence . he said nothing and retreated to his lair behind the window obviously there to ponder the banality of the philistine he had just encountered . nnand i was delighted . because i can now safely go back to my previous prejudices regarding starbucks . mission accomplished
__label__pos  pour     belle du00e9co tru00e8s  du00e9couverte . jy retournerais  du00eener je vous le conseil fortement .
__label__pos   and delicious  in  and    . i had quinoa salad with chicken and vegetable soup . boyfriend had lobster pastry . we shared a mille feuille for dessert . i like to think of myself as pastry connoisseur and it wasnt the same as a parisian mille feuille but still  pastry sheets were a bit thicker here . definitely a great lunch spot .
__label__pos some place warm . a place where the beer  like  . where   instinctively flock like the salmon of  . im talkin about a  place called  .
__label__neg food is decent . nnthe tater  are particularly good.nnbeer is  good too.nnhowever i dont agree with their smoking policy.nnif i want to sit outside i should be able to sit wherever i want and not have to  secondhand cigarette smoke.nnthe vig is now   and i will schedule all of my  meetings  .
__label__neg we purchased   phones  and    from tmobile in dec 2013 and we were assisted by a sales rep named celina . nnwe had purchased a full insurance package and thankfully so . one of our phones slipped and the screen broke and it needed to be replaced . we went through the insurance company and got the replacement with no hassles . however when we called the sales rep celina who we had  our expensive phone from and requested her assistance in transferring the data to the new phone she indicated that it could not be done.nnwe we told celina that we had transferred our data from the blackberry to an android without a problem when we replaced our  and we know that it could be done . she then recanted and said that yes it could possibly be done but she was busy with another customer and would call us back . we waited for her to call back but sadly celina never called us back.nnany business is all about customer service and it is not so much when you purchase a new product but the service after purchase . sadly celina failed on every count.nnsometimes you are left with no choice but to call out poor customer service and celina tops that list.nnwe did go to another tmobile store and were able to transfer all our data without any problems .
__label__pos quite  the best    in champaignurbana and one of the  ive been to anywhere . the food is fresh and the range of flavors broad and well balanced . spice level is very moderate and can be increased on request for those desiring a more invigorating experience . the napkins are cloth and  absorbent very capable of handling a level 3 vendaloos worth of forehead sweat.nnid list the dishes i prefer but they have all been excellent and i have no one favorite though i do get the fish curry and chicken do pyaza more frequently than others . i love rice but choose paratha nine times out of ten only occasionally getting rice or garlic naan . the samosas are perfect and dont forget the tamarind sauce which is a great highlight to the main dish also.nnim not sure how anyone could give this place one star especially having not even tried the food . nthe owner bobby is a straight shooter by all means check your ticket but i find it difficult to believe he or his staff are cheating the totals .
__label__neg while dr. finley is a good doctor with an excellent and caring demeanor the office policies and staff are another story . the first thing that  me off was dr. rachel gittler . after examining me she actually prescribed a medication that was not effective for someone like me . needless to say i was hot under the collar because of her  and possibly lifethreatening  . nnfast forward to a few months ago . my wife needed an emergency refill on her medications . long  short it took more than a week and six trips to  to finally get them because every time they told us the prescriptions were ordered the pharmacy had no knowledge of the order . add the unnecessary inconvenience of having to go back to the office for an appointment whenever meds are needed and you have an idea of the vicious circle my wife was in . additionally  was extremely  to my wife and even provoked a verbal altercation . nnas a witness to all of this and a former patient i can not ever recommend the  . but if dr. finley is at a different office definitely get her .
__label__neg  great       appetizers . so why the 2 stars horrible service . nnadvice if you are waiting for a show this is not the place to go if you want to watch the beginning of your movie . nni will check back in a month or two . we showed up to have a couple beers and an appetizer before going to the show a couple doors down . turns out that they opened their doors earlier in the week . we let our waiter know that we were watching the clock for the show bit it didnt help . we had to rush to get out and was still a couple minutes late . nnsince they were open for less then a week i am more then willing to give them another chance . they have 56 microbrews and give a solid score on all . their  amazing . try the pretzels .
__label__neg i thought everyones opinion made this a safe place to live it up ... .. wrong.n didnt try the food thank  as the  house payment for two coffees smaller than a senior cup at mcdonalds was horrifying enoughn as we waited for our coffee every employee in the place  us at least twice to try to seat us . not in a solicitous way more of a creepy boss stalker way.n wouldnt go back for a free crepe  i dont think they would  . a crepe is probably more  than most vacations.n it tasted ok but was 9 for what was seriously less than 12 cup total coffee in  cups.n even the server apologized that my tiny cup was mostly  . i think cocaine us cheaper .
__label__pos nettes kleines cafu00e9  einer u00fcberschaubaren auswahl an snacks . suppe pizza  und baguette usw . keine gourmetqualitu00e4t aber alles schmackhaft und frisch . wir wurden nicht enttu00e4uscht . entspannte atmosphu00e4re  sehr freundliche  . preislich durchschnitt . noptimal fu00fcr familien gegenu00fcber liegt ein spielplatz den  vom cafu00e9 aus im blick hat .
__label__pos chaos chaos und  chaos  wu00e4re   ja fast erklu00e4rt aber auch nur fast frauen mu00e4nner kinder es gibt fu00fcr jeden was und das zu recht guten preisen . es kann fast nicht vorkommen das man nichts findet . nder service versucht das  im zaum zu halten und ist mit aufru00e4umen auffu00fcllen und hinterherru00e4umen beschu00e4ftigt . nicht desto trotz sind alle sehr freundlich  hilfsbereit .
__label__neg total mies ich hatte noch nie einen du00f6ner der nach absolut nichts geschmeckt hst bis ich   gekauft hatte . 2 50 eur  zwar  aber ein glas   der leitung hat mehr 
__label__neg  habe einen fru00fcchtebecher im eiscafe im 1. og  . lediglich zwei kugeln eis mit immerhin  obst . geschmacklich noch ok aber in  gibt  fu00fcr weniger geld besseres und vor allem mehr eis z.b . im cassata in der oststadt.nman sitzt ganz nett im  ece . aber die 8 jahre seit eru00f6ffnung des ece sieht man den meisten stu00fchlen an . zuhause hu00e4tte man die wohl schon lu00e4ngst ausgemustert oder neu bezogen .
__label__neg du00f6ner und  essbar aber nicht schmackhaft .  die mittagszeit  es   lange . die wenigen sitzplu00e4tze sind unbequem der laden  eng .
__label__neg my first visit i waited 20 minutes in the drive tru only 4 cars  of me . food was what i was expecting  burger that you can get in any corner in california . the food gets a 3.5 stars . bacon avocado burger was good . fries were ok.  fountain drink.nn2nd visit after 4 minutes in the drive tru window without a hello or please wait ... i reversed out . i called the manager and let him know why he was getting 2 stars . he mentioned making everything from scratch takes time and the crew is all new  who obviously dont have drive tru experience . i dont mind  for good food . in fact i went to in n out which is down the street .  cars in front of me.. 9 minute wait . ni might give this place a try again..but with so  options in the area ... its not going to be soon .
__label__neg     starnnwhite  comes with sliced tomatoes and pickeled banana peppers vomitnnasked for garlic . no garlic . so we asked why no garlic was told ... its not on the menu well geez you could have said something . nnand the cheese cheese definitly not cheesennnot going back ... .
__label__neg i felt the  experience was  misleading and manipulative of people in a compromised position . the show up 1  late.. they are scammer i end up paying 180 after all the fees . they  me 19  fee and another  to get  and end up  180 this is a scam.. dont be a victim ... ..
__label__pos its  your   door sells ejuice . nngreat  to  out and chat.nngreat juices  vibe.nntop notch .
__label__pos   of   and     and grill food as well . of course wifi . all in the middle of horse riding territory . great place to kickoff your spurs and talk about your morning ride .
__label__pos soho was suggested to me by a coworker who loves sushi and i had drove by it a few times so i was curious to find out how good it would be . nnthe food was amazing and the fish was of best quality and fresh . i would give the food 5 stars . i was expecting it be because the owner is chef john chien lee former executive chef of social house at aria . the service wasnt the best at least for me with the wait staff and i expand on why later on . nnfirst the food . we ordered baked mussels seaweed salad the spicy tuna roll the salmon and avocado roll and the salmon wasabi creme the dish i was excited to try the most . the appetizers tasted the same as they would any other japanese restaurant nothing special . i love salmon and it was definitely on point in both the wasabi creme and paired with avocado in a roll . the spicy wasabi creme had a nice hint of lemon tangy to compliment the fish but the wasabi creme could of had a little more punch to it . in the roll the avocado was nice and creamy and it looked like more of a mash than just a big  which was very appreciated . mid meal the chef and owner  chien lee came out to check on everyone dining and when he can by our table he was friendly and welcoming . he saw that i had a thing for salmon and asked if i would mind to try something similar but not salmon compliments of the chef and i said sure he brought us out the house special ocean trout and it was just what he said delicious i never knew trout could taste as good as salmon and i enjoyed the surprise of the pop rocks that had top it off nnthe service would get a rating of 3 stars . it wasnt till the chef talked to us that the waiters had a bit more urgency to serve us which was just two people . it wasnt too busy when we walked in but it took longer than usually for them to sit us when there were plenty of tables available and the  also forgot we were there after he had told us to wait a moment . i think that the chef probably just got there a few minutes after we had sat because it seemed that every customer after us they were on it and asking if it was there first time and giving them dishes of the house which we did not  . though the chef made up for it with the complimentary dish of trout nnthe ambiance of the place was okay . it was like  40 with house music playing  to places like ra sushi minus the loudness . decoration was okay could have been more but will do . i did enjoy the menu and the way it was set up nnall in all if your looking for fresh fish at a great price with a chef who has experience from working at a well  sushi spot on the strip  the pricey cost this is definitely a spot to try happy hour runs monsat . the days they are open from 4p6pm . and even though the service was ehh the food was delicious and ill definitely go back for more .
__label__neg i  when this place was old super mex so i was expecting pretty much the same . it was just a weird experience.nnfrom the beginning the design outside in the front is weird . i guess the symbol is supposed to be a depiction of agave but it just looks really bad . also the front says 24 hour video poker which i just found strange . yes to promoting 24 hours no to video poker . just makes it seem like its going to be really crappy bar food or something . nnthe host who sat us seemed like he had no idea how to host . he just seemed lost but it wasnt a big deal . we got seated very quickly . we were greeted by our server jose who was great . he convinced us to get margaritas in spirit of fat tuesday . he wasnt  at all very friendly and nice . he took our order and then came back a few minutes later to tell us that he wont be our server tonight . poor jose was being  home because it was slow . it was strange as it wasnt super slow in there . it was even stranger that jose seemed to linger on about this almost to the point of talking down about the establishment . it was  i liked jose and wanted to give him a tip but i didnt have change and he had to leave . nnwe were told of the special which sounded like chic parm except substitute chicken with steak . it sounded awful so we went with carne asada and my friend got shrimp tacos . my carne asada for the price they charged was pretty wack . you expect carne asada to be very tasty and tender . it lacked the juiciness and the  of carna asada . the rice and the refried beans were good though . shrimp tacos were all right as well.nnthen it just took forever to a get the bill and b get the server to get the money back to pay the bill . in the meantime i had a random woman guessing its the owner asking me if everything was all right . it was it was just strange . who are you are you the owner random patron what is going on in this placennfinally got someone to pick up my check . the total was  and some change . i put in a twenty . i get it back and i get no change . i mean were talking about like 50 cents or so but really i didnt get any change back all  nnim not mad about the experience it was just really underwhelming . i love mexican food . i think this place has just a major image  . what is it is it an authentic mexican restaurant with jalisco specific recipes or is it like the mexican version of pts or is it mexican version of applebees is jalisco spanish for applebees
__label__neg well i just called to place a togo  and was turned away because they stop  orders at 830  though i called right on the dot ... . they dont close for another half hour ... that   a bad  in my mouth.. so much for a new place in the  ...  but no thank
__label__neg figured id give this place another chance . friend wanted some furniture and i needed a new bed . paid in cash for a new bed . they didnt want to deliver to my place . my friend still wanted his bed . i figured i would just rent my own truck and transport his and mine and save money anyways . after getting everything  and showing up at the store  and early the lady tells me we need to go to the warehouse . not during the  hour process did anyone  i needed to go to the warehouse . my friend agreed . no one  that . only a few miles  no big deal . inconvenient and costing me per mile in the rented truck but ... .anyways . go to the warehouse pick up the beds drop them off drop off the truck and get home to  on my new bed ... only problem ... its the wrong bed . congratulations this company just made my list for never again .
__label__pos awesome place to  go karts its outside and right by the strip . the track is  and the  are pretty fast . its best to go later in the  since its pretty hot during the  . they  give you really  
__label__neg went to have some brunch at mto it is a neat space with minimal decorations that kept our attention . being from restaurants we  watch the operations of the kitchen and the wait staff . the first red flag we saw the expediter eating french fries in front of the line in front of all the customers gross . you have an open kitchen yes but duck in the back and feed your  . from the waiter he said his name was jose or  like that . we asked if the chef was on duty and the waiter also said no probably why the  kitchen was a free for all and  . first we ordered the pancake dippers . it was a plain over mixed pancake with bacon in it sliced into strips . nothing fancy . then we watched the expediter jose walk over to a table and shake someones hand with his gloves on . we then ordered our sandwiches . i had the tree hugger . i think if i ate a  it would have had more flavor than this . it was a good concept and thats all the good i can say about that . it was a quinoa bun two patties . that had absolutely no flavor at all . it had some kind of sauce in the middle and a few leaves of spinach and a few small tomatoes . it had the potential to be good if they used a little seasoning salt or some herbs or anything that could flavor the cardboard patties . the coffee was good . the hangover burger we ordered was cooked perfect and was juicy . if we were going to come back i would order the burger . it the fries are bag fries nothing special . we ended up paying fifty dollars which  very expensive for a mediocre brunch . it is comparable  to eat with less flavor in the food .
__label__pos gave this place a try after seeing the other positive yelp reviews . the good  photos of the food and interior didnt hurt either . its always nice when a new restaurant feels like it could be from almost any urban city . i must say it feels  nicer in person than the photos suggest . mainly because of the 14 foot ceilings and the floor to ceiling  that look out onto the new city hall . this is a breakfast to lunch  so they close at 200 pm on weekdays . we arrived at 100 pm on a tuesday and completely missed the crowds . we were promptly greeted  and had out drink orders taken by the enthusiastic waitstaff . tried to order the chocolate chip cookies with whole milk and the strawberry cheese cake but they had sold out . we did split the ruben and an order of the honey donuts . they were both great . another pleasant surprise they serve decent coffee  i would  a cup of their coffee over a starbucks if only for a change . i am a fan . we will return to try out some other the other menu items that looked good .
__label__pos pet club at ray it is a very  and with well  staff  my dog maltese i been taking it  times at this pet club im very  do not  taking your pet to this pet club location because ask for cynthia she will give you a five dollar off on your  visit its a great 
__label__pos   a   for     pleasantly surprised by the make your own burger options
__label__neg the atmosphere is cool . great beer selection . meatballs were terrible . i was here a few times when it first opened and i thought they were okay but now i  theyve gone down hill . i had the  pork meatballs and they were very very hard . my fiance was laughing watching us  to cut through them . i had them on top of the parmesan  n cheese and i liked that well enough . nn we  had  bread as an appetizer and we thought the sauce  burnt . the olives were great . id totally go back to drink but i wont eat there again . there are way too many  restaurants in pittsburgh to suffer through a mediocre meal .
__label__neg stay  this place used to be awesome i probably  around 500 here since i  about it but unfortunately they replaced all of their management with new people.nnnormally this wouldnt be an issue . but the new management informed me that they no longer do any of the deals that the old management did . also the new management was incredibly rude . every time i asked them a question they would stare at me like i was stupid . i  liked chatting with the old employees as they were  nice to people.nnneedless to say i am taking my business elsewhere and will never go back . i put up with the insane prices because i liked the employees now it is just insane prices and rude employees.n ngo  or order online it will be cheaper for you .
__label__neg food was  and  was  .  was  .  was very  
__label__pos i have used used affordable inspection for several  i have represented buyers for . the inspectors have always been courteous  knowledgeable and on time . they provide very  inspection reports the same  and are  available to answer questions for my  . in addition they have recommended repair companies for my clients and the sellers to repair items found during the inspection . on top of this they do the home inspection schedule termite and do mold testing if needed so i only need to make one call they take care of the  . great people and great  .
__label__pos five  isnt a good enough rating for doctor housecalls of paradise valley.nnif it wasnt for them my wife wouldnt be walking today . nnwe were vacationing in the phoenix area when my wife suddenly lost feeling in her  . we learned at the resort where we were staying of doctor housecalls  . after coming to our room they realized that my wife had more than a simple problem . they arranged for an mri the  day of her spine . it revealed that when my wife had fallen two years ago after being attacked by a dog she had jogged loose and separated her vertebrae . upon receiving those results they immediately arranged for her to be seen by experts from the barrow neurological institute in the emergency room of st. josephs hospital.nntheir astute diagnosis and intervention prevented my wife from  a paraplegic.nnwe have called for their assistance on subsequent visits to the phoenix area . in each and every instance their diagnosis and treatment their expertise and professionalism has been spot on . they provide a truly  service.nnnlarry  saco me
__label__pos     . and now theres   .  on  . cheers
__label__pos the best deep   style  ive found in  . very   . i  it in and only took about 30mins
__label__neg     .   curry with  . they brought yellow  with chicken . then for the bill we had 3 different checks he put 2 on mine . not recommended .
__label__pos fun the staff is terrific so personable although the service could be polished up a bit . really enjoyable  . owners run the shop and are very nice . nnthe  was very tasty . i had the country fried steak and eggs with a pancake . the fried steak was light crunchywith very flavorful taste . eggs cooked just right and the pancake was big and sweet . nnmy  had the steak and eggs and she enjoyed it . steak cooked right . she enjoyed that the eggs were cooked in butter rather than oil . she wants to go back to  the deepfried chocolatechip cookie dough with bacon . well go back . nnthey just revitalized their menu and remodeled the inside decor . also new kitchen equipment . if you havent been in the last couple weeks go again . before word gets out it gets too  .
__label__neg  this     .   to  20 coupon we got online . steak was overcooked and over seasoned broccoli cold . very disappointed .
__label__neg saturday morning    a 900 am appt . its 915 am still no movers i called the manager to ask if they were still coming he said yes . but i told him the  was for  am he had to call me back to see what was going on . returned my call said they would be about 30 to 40 minutes out . that passed he called me back and they were having some car trouble issues another 30 minutes after all the excuses and apologies they showed up close to 11 am . by that time instead of sitting on my butt i decided to load the truck myself . when they showed up all they had to do was unload . i understand its   young people party the night before so i wasnt too upset and i needed to work out my back anyway . so they start unloading everything is going fine until bryan ask to use the bathroom and the other one is working is butt off . that was one of many trips to the bathroom for bryan needless to say he spent more time in my new bathroom than moving my stuff so once again i decided to get another workout in on that truck and help with unloading since i was pressed for time in returning my uhaul truck and their 2 hours . good thing i had set up a later time to return the truck just in case anything went wrong . i realize customer service is hit or miss these days but if im the manager and this is my company i would do a follow up with the customer and offer some sort of discount for being 2 hours late . one guy was doing the work of 2 men bryan just needed to stay home that day and recover from being hung over .
__label__neg  and stay away   and relationsnntoday i decided to ignore reviews and give them yet another try . disappointed like i was 6 months ago but i was hungry . nni ordered a greek pizza since nikis pizza shop was closed . it came with gyro meat tomatoes onions provolone and feta . i asked for no gyro meat since im vegetarian . the guy on the phone said no problem . i asked if i could get extra vegetables in place of the meat since they would still charge me for meat anyway and he said no problem ill make it good for you.nn55 minutes later when i live 14 mile away the driver calls and says he cant find my place . i said its its 4 blocks from you . so i i flagged him down and accepted the order and i tipped 25 on a 22 bill . i got inside the house and opened it it smelled great looked overly cheesy and heavy with none of the extra vegetables i was anticipating . nni call the guy on the phone and he says i gave you extra olives and feta . i said i didnt want extra olives or extra feta since neither of those are vegetables . he said i gave you extra tomatoes and i said thats a fruit and i wanted extra vegetables . he argued continuously with me instead of asking how he could fix it his response was to talk over me and tell me he gave me extra feta . i told him to pick it up and give me my money back . he refused and hung up on me . nnnever again read the reviews and take your fellow yelpers advice .   for the simple fact that your money should go to people who make food the way you ask .
__label__neg so the idea of this restaurant is wonderful . the ambiance is great the  was good some plates spectacular and its clear a lot of art and culinary  emanate from the kitchen . however for some reason our waitress tonight was just absolutely unpleasant and unprofessional . i love to   to know more about a dishs profile and when i said i have another question she rolled her eyes and said ok in a very condescending manner . then one of our party was looking through the pictures on yelp to make a final decision and when the waitress was going through to take orders she  on her so the others explained that shes trying to figure out what she wants . the  had the audacity to respond on her phone has she even looked at the menu not to mention the rude tone to  it off . first of all melanie even if she were texting and ignoring you your profession does not condone that kind of interaction with the customers . please check your attitude . and no trying to be nice the last two minutes with our table will not ensure you get your tip . its unfortunate that a server can ruin the  for such a great restaurant .
__label__neg i moved into this apartment complex a little over 2 months ago . it is a brand new complex and has many common amenities . it is  on the border of scottsdale and paradise valley . nni am giving it 2 stars for the below unbiased reasonsnn1 every unit has a built in fan in the bathroom that can not ever be turned off . the fan runs 247 and flashes a green light . while some may not find it to be a big disturbance i personally find it difficult to sleep well with the fan perpetually on without wearing earplugs . broadstone alliance has turned it on so that it can pursue leed certification . leed certification can lead to tax savings for corporations . the manager claims it benefits tenants due to the constant clean  you can be the judge . nn2 you can hear noise in hallways vividly . while noise insulation between units appears decent because there is a slit under unit doors if you are unfortunate to have neighbors who will speak loudly in the hallways and odd hours it is audible . n n3 apartments monthly rent can be for example 1299 for a studio 1500 for a 1bdrm and you must have renters insurance . keep in mind the area this is not nycnn4 if you want to break the lease the manager has stated that it will be 2  rent plus any incentives you received at lease signing . apply that to the sample apartment rents . 2600 and 3000. i was not offered any negation room to  the lease . nnit is up to you to decide whether it is worth the price . at such high prices i would expect the corporation to have enough  to leave the fan in the bathroom off for the benefit of its occupants sense of calm and quiet and treat tenants with more understanding when people are uncomfortable and require lease breaks .
__label__neg i probably didnt  the  item ... i  the  and wasnt impressed . the only thing impressive was the size . it was sadly very lacking in flavor . nnextra star for the fact that i had their roast  sandwich as an  arizona volunteer and that one was  . but nothing i would write  about .
__label__pos had a great night at the patio  . the  was very pleasant and knowledgeable about gluten allergies which made my wife very happy .  layout is great and the food was ben  . very interesting space with a very  and open  .  highly recommend it for a  night out .
__label__neg most unauthentic spanish  ive ever been to . stopped in for a drink and tapas and left after the  . the whole ambiance just isnt there .  on other reviews im  sure i didnt miss out on a   .
__label__neg i rarely am motivated enough to write reviews but after tonights awful experience at los sombreros i felt i must . we are visiting my parents and they were very excited to try this new restaurant that had recently been reviewed in the paper . how sorry they are.nnour party of 7 called at 630pm and asked about arriving at 7pm for a party of seven . no problem and whats your name was the response and off we went . we arrived and the greeterhostesses were rude and said they didnt show a reservation for us . we pointed it out and they said they couldnt honoraccommodate us . as they saw our   they akwardly walked off and tried to piece something together . they offered us a table in the bar or said we  wait 20 minutes for a table in the main dining room . having 3 kids with us we elected for the bar . we were seated at about 705 and then after having our orders for drinksfood taken at 725 we still didnt receive anything drinks or chips until 745. the drinks were wrong . my 6year old daughter ordered lemonade and was told they had it they didnt and brought her a sprite . she said she had ordered lemonade and they said they didnt hear her . they said they had homemade limeade so she agreed . when it arrived at 800 she tasted it and told us it tasted weird . my husband tried it and said it was margarita mix . seriously after numerous drink mixups and having servers come and verify and reverify certain food orders they brought our food out at 815. things were looking up nnthe food 2 of us got the smoked chicken enchiladas and they were good . one of us got the carnitas and he said it was just ok. the rice tasted awful but the beans were decent . the food was all pretty cold definitely the kitchen had not timed the food prepservice well but we were done complaining . it was up to them and they seemed to know we were not  as the owner continued to avoid us like the plague despite her servers telling her how badly things were going at our table . chips were good hot sauce was watered down and almost tasteless.nnthe check upon the conclusion of our meal the check was delivered . there was an addl drink on there the extra sprite from the earlier mix up and upon us asking they responded but we brought you the limeade .  that was on there too  the mandatory gratuity was included bc we were a party of 7. are you kidding me the owner is there never comes over to  and then they charge us for everything and include gratuity i spoke with the server told her that despite her best efforts it was a misreable experience and that we were very disappointed having driven 30 minutes . she apologized and said she had spoken to the owner and told her but that she didnt care . seriously nni will never waste my time here again and am flabbergasted that this place is still in business after 8 weeks . it will not last given its current state . they were clearly understaffed and yet the owner continued to seat large parties despite the obvious breakdown in all aspects . nndo not waste your time going to this location . this place needs a manager and obviously not the owner  the place . she was rude i saw her get into it with 2 other customers and i saw 2 tables leave . she obviously doesnt care about what the customers think and she avoided our table going so far as to hide in the kitchen until we left . shameful and awful . this review would not have been written had she come out apologized for the lack of service and bought us a round of drinks just to show that she was committed to making a bad situation better .
__label__pos we visit the north scottsdale location .  time we go one of us  the carnitas . so good and a large portion . the duck  with  sauce are wonderful . we have also had the  lamb shank . we have probably tried more items on this menu than most restaurants we frequent and honestly everything is wonderful . the  of flavor in the dishes is amazing . this is not smothered in cheese bland mexican  . this is authentic . the service is always  too .
__label__pos  good        than what was there .
__label__neg me and my   were  to be vip on friday night and had it all setup for no cover bottle service and the entire vip service and treatment but when arriving we were told to pay the cover of 20 each and after doing so we were told that the open bar was only till midnight and that they knew nothing of the arrangement with the vip management even when  the email from the person we were told we still had to pay for drinks and i can say we left after getting a refund of the 40 of cover . early that morning i got an  email and was told that they wanted to make it right and to come back the next night saturday and we did after a long irritating mixup of who was providing the driver to is to and from the club and when we got there they told us they had been told about our bottle service of only paying the 20 gratuity per bottle and that was gon na be about 20 for a 100 bottle and yet told to pay the 40 cover for two of us and we just left and went to the cosmopolitan to their  and got the vip treatment same night when  we were going to drop money on drinks the petty cover didnt matter . i would say to avoid this place and go to another venue that is gay off the strip . just because it is on the strip doesnt mean that it is a good venue
__label__pos no  chiropractic care . dr. troy gets right to the adjustment so you can start  better immediately .  location  . the online appointment is great you schedule down to 10 min  ive  had to wait . highly  .
__label__pos pho  namnfinally   place.. opened today..1112013 ... nnour favorite place moved phu thahn so we have been waiting for something great without traveling far ... . we got lucky cause this  is it ... nnappetizer . fried egg rolls.. hard to admit but these are the best i have had at any restaurant.. spring rolls up next and they were also very good they didnt have that overpowering of mint so that was actually very good.. both dipping sauces were a very good compliment as well..nnentree . wife had beef  and this actually beat our phoenix fave da vang ... awesome.. i had bbq pork and was very good as well.. only downside was that i am not a fan of broken rice but that is minimal ... nnnow it will be whether they stay consistent.. but this will be a definite weekly stop until otherwise..nnalso since they just  the menu isnt full yet ... . i have some suggestionssee if they add them ...
__label__pos amazing place great atmosphere amazing food ... the only thing i could complain about was the service . it was a  late after  so not too busy and our waitress didnt come by much.nnother than that i  suggest the  and carna asada dish and their fries
__label__neg food is  . . service sucks..   minutes . . no waitress . .had to get up and ask for one . .. hostess came over and took our order . brought our drinks and disappeared . .. i had to get up and go to the bar to ask for sugar for my ice tea . .5 minutes later got up again to ask for more ice tea at the bar . .. no  . .. got our food.. no one came by to see if we needed anything . .. had to ask the bus boy for the check . .10  later . . no check so i got up and went to the hostess and paid my check there . ... a lot of apologies but we didnt even get a discount . got charged full price for this shitty service . .she didnt even bay an eye when she gave me the check . .. 2 stars . . and thats because the  was good ...  sucked ass ...
__label__neg so i went to this mcdonalds location this  . service speed is fine ... so i order an  mcmuffin and hash brown total 3.88. cool i hand the girl 3 dollar bills 3 quarters a dime and 3 pennies total  3.88.  for her to count it and drove to the next window . the managersupervisor comes running to the window says i was short 20cents on my  i gave him 20cents as i dont  it something to  about its 20cents . so i pull off grab my hashbrown from the bag its old and cold smh . atleast if you are going to complain about a petty 20 cents and run to the window i would think you would make sure my food is fresh or hot . i  anyone would agree .
__label__pos love pita jungle they have tons of goodlooking healthy things on their menu but i always stick with a few of my favorites because they are so good hummus with chicken chicken shawarma pita grilled  salad . their kids meals are fabulous . my  loves them and they are nutritionally balanced not your regular happy meal or nuggets and fries . i confess to once getting two of them to go and acting like there was another kid in the car but my three year old and i ate them . also try the happy hour where they have lots of  snacks for a very reasonable price . i have not had any problems with the service or attitude . i  this location a bit  than the  one because its quieter  the acoustics i think but it may also be a little less  since its newer .
__label__pos  this  very   great   repair  . i would recommend to  .
__label__pos my      with a  .  ingredients  flavor .
__label__pos so i was heading to the other 2 beauty supply stores on this street and just so happened to see this from the street . so i decided the hit the next entry way in that  lot . it kinda just looked more like a wig shop beauty salon from the outside . when i go in these  i dont want to be bothered i just want to look around so i turn up my music and put in my head phones in my ears and sing lol . i just want to walk around and look . when i need help i will find you . so yea they had all kinds of wigs and braiding hair sew in hair supplies  necklaces ect . so i wanted some twist and lock hair . i kinda had in mind what i wanted . ive watch zillions of you tube videos on all kinds of brands but i hate ordering hair so as im walking around looking at all this fabulous stuff i got excited when i found nubian  hair i was in heaven but i didnt purchase it right then i went to the other 2 beauty supply stores on this street to see if they had that same hair . they didnt so i went back and  it . ncome to find out as i was talking to the cashier theyve been open for 1 yr. she  they advertised on the radio and everything . nservice was good she was nice i was also looking for some glitter eyeshadow . they didnt have what i was looking for . she really came out and was helping me look . ni will always hit this spot when i go  for supplies whooo whoo 3 on  streetnnp.s . not any fault of the store but i hate this hair
__label__pos spring roll factory is the first fast  vietnamese restaurant ive been to in arizona . the concept reminds me of chipotle . their menu is very small and a lot of the same ingredients can be made in  ways depending on your preference spring roll rice bowl sandwich or noodle  . the concept is nice  if youre in the mood for something fresh quick and easy without being overwhelmed with too  choices . the food is also very good . ive had the pork sandwich the fish spring rolls and the mussels . everything is made to order . all of the dishes ive tried so far have been  but my favorite item on the menu has to be the iced coffee . in my opinion its just as good if not better than lees iced coffee . as if the food and coffee werent enough the owners of this  are so kind and welcoming . you wont regret giving them your business .
__label__pos delicious food had the breakfast sandwich west  sandwich    and  sunrise smoothie and everything was delicious . employees are helpful and friendly too .  of  before  are out the door
__label__pos taking the lynx to downtown charlotte i spotted the yellow sign at the eastwest blvd station through the trees . while van morrisons song title got me in the door for lunch i didnt expect anything other than standard southern fried fare . this standard often  into too much of everything too much butter too  grease heaping  . for an expat southerner now living on the west coast this oversizing isnt necessarily a good thing . nnsurprise this place got it  . nni was served a bit buttery biscuit as an appetizer that came with blackberry  and tupelo honey but i could actually taste the fruit instead of just sugary jelly . i opted for the veggie plate . the black eyed peas had a nice kick and werent just boiled bland mush the  sprouts were tender and the highlightthe fried okra was lightly breaded allowing the full taste to come through . this is how  should be prepared and tupelo honey cafe proves not just my grandma can do it nnthey even have a gluten free menu . nnforget paulas place further down bring your outoftown guests here
__label__pos this review is for the hotel itself not the casino nightlife or restaurants . i stayed here for halloween weekend . it was very very busy . the check in was much  than the checkout . it appeared that many people had problems with their bills . the hotel is actually a couple of blocks from the stratosphere . although it is far down the strip the monorail stop leads to the doors of the  hotels . i thought that was nicenni stayed in a world superior king and it looked just like the picture on the website . i thought the room was a  size despite previous reviews . i loved the room i just wish they had blackout curtains . even with the shade drawn  seeps through . the mini bar is ridiculously  and there is no coffee maker fridge . i know it is vegas but that would have made the  better.nnsls has complimentary wifi but it was horrible nnthey do charge 150 per night on your credit card i knew ahead of time because of the reviews i  that was a bit much especially because the hotel is not that upscale . if you can use a credit card and not a debit card the funds were immediately released  to my credit card .
__label__neg planned a trip to vegas for our 20th wedding anniversary and selected the sls as it was advertised as the new trendy hotel on the strip . knowing in advance that our flight was not due in until 11 pm or so i called the hotel several days prior as to note our file with a late arrival . we arrived to the hotel close to midnight checked in and went up to our room . when we got into our room realized that is was not the style of room we booked . the room was a story king not the world king we booked . the world king is a more a  room whereas the  is more loft style with the bed smack in the center of the room exposed concrete ceilings open bathroom etc . i would have never booked this room as to me its not a relaxing atmosphere . we called the front desk immediately to advise them of the error and their response we are completely booked and gave away your room there are no other rooms available and possibly would be able to switch you tomorrow . at no time did they tell us this at check in . after several minutes on the phone the front desk clerk did find one double bed room in the world tower and said they would also try to switch us to a king the following day . she told us that they would be sending up a new  of keys . after waiting almost a half hour and no keys arrived we went  down to the lobby with our luggage and waited at the front desk naturally the shift changed at midnight and all new personal where  the front desk . after reexplaining our situation they finally gave us keys to the  room apologized to us and promised that we would be contacted the next day from guest services in order to switch to a king  . since we are silver hilton honors members i assumed that at least a phone call with an apology or an offer to switch rooms would come the day came and left and nobody ever contacted us . we slept in separate beds for our  anniversary trip . it appears that the sls staff couldnt care less for their guests .
__label__pos we made a second trip here as we were all craving the flavorful seafood . this time they had clam we were so excited . this  we got crawfish and clam medium trifecta . the  was so good we ended up  more . one of our bags of crawfish did come out cold didnt think much of it cause everyone ate a few thinking it was just that one crawfish..  the end of the bag i voiced it and everyone said theirs was cold too . that means the whole bag was practically cold we  the waitress just so she could let the  know and not serve  crawfish to other diners . she was so nice and brought out another hot steaming bag of crawfish we were stuffed but happy . nnthank you angry crab shack for the amazing customer  and awesome seafood we will be back soon enough .
__label__neg rude and slow .  455 for drug screen for  employment . still sitting at 520. not only did the  desk person announce my drug screen to  but she took all  in order despite the fact that i didnt  to see a  .  ua . never again .
__label__pos started the evening with a  flight of strawberry blueberry and the apple pie . blueberry was decent strawberry was better but the in house made apple pie was the star of the three . it was sweet with just the right amount of  on the  down . nnwe moved on to the bacon board it was amazing . i really enjoyed the jalapeu00f1o and applewood bacon . my wife  the con fit and we both felt the pork belly was the  thing in the board . the sweet onion spread was excellent as well as the house made pickles . nnwe then  the bbq sampler each of the meats on the sampler were very good but the pulled  was the shining star by far . the bbq  was thick and sweet . nnas it was our 22nd anniversary they gave us a sample of the chocolate cake and the cherry pie milkshake . both are awesome . nnthe waitstaff was extremely attentive and friendly . bootleggers will definitely become a staple for our dining dollars .
__label__neg i probably wont return . ive been noticing these chains popping up all over the dane county area and decided to stop by for lunch with a co worker while i was in sun prairie.nnwhat i like is that as  as you walk in youre greeted by someone who helped you with the process if youre a first timer . this is very different from other sandwich places . you go up to a station where all of their sandwiches are written in bags . so if you want a turkey sandwich you crab the brown paper bag that has written in the back all of the turkey  they have . they do the same for beef tuna veggie chicken etc . you grab the bag of the sandwich you want and on the bag you mark with a provided  all of the toppings you want . this is a really neat idea . i liked the selection process . when youve marked your bag with all of your toppings which they do provided a lot of choices i must admit you take the bag to the register to  and the bag is sent to sandwich artist . they put the finished sandwich in the same bag with your selections . again very cool idea . whenre sandwich is done they call you by name . there is a place on the bag for you to put your name down . nnnhowever they are overpriced for their quality of food . you get to pick from three different bread sizes 6 10.5 and 14 inches . for a 10.5 inch its 8.25 if you dont add toppings that are priced extra . the sandwich was just ok. nothing special . they gave me the wrong mustard but it wasnt a huge deal . my biggest issue is that there isnt any combo special . at least that is not what was told to me . for a 10.5 inch sandwich with not extra priced toppings and a small bag of chips it was over 10. had i added a pop i would have been  to 12. its a lot of money for a sandwich thats very basic and some chips . if the sandwiches were gourmet or other products were locally made i totally could see the justification of price . however the sandwich was just basic . i prefer quiznos or pot bellys over which wich to be honest . i had a lot of toppings on mines but my sandwich was overwhelmed with mayor and horseradish . i couldnt even taste the other toppings . nndoubtful id  . they arent terribly bad but they are far from greatness . the experience of picking your sandwich is cool but thats really the only positive i have from my first time experience . i can at least day i tried it and seen what they had to offer . now i know and i wont be returning . ive had  sandwiches elsewhere .
__label__pos  recommended me here . over   in  .  food .   was phenomenal . great job jj . made happy hour . awesome drinks . eat here 
__label__neg they werent friendly and almost everything i tried to order had some rule that  me from getting the quantity i preferred . every meat seemed to be styled from a different city kansas city brisket memphis pulled pork st.louis ribs  . so the place really didnt have its own identity . the sides looked good but really lacked flavor . for example the potato salad looked fabulous but really didnt taste like anything the macaroni and cheese  like butter i guess . the biggest problem was the way they presented the meat . i ordered a three meat plate and they poured sauce on everything not a good sign and basically  all three meats into a bowl . the brisket was thin and chewy basically no smoked flavor . it also had cracks in it so i guess they dont cut to order either that are they are really doing something wrong . the ribs looked promising but again they were  and no smoked flavor . the pork had slightly more flavor and the texture seemed right but the sauce was inappropriate pulled pork typically has a thin vinegar sauce on the side not bbq sauce on top .  i didnt finish it and as much as i hate to  food i threw at  half of it away .
__label__pos    the  is  .    every time ive been there too .
__label__pos ive been shopping around making phone calls to  vape shops in town looking for specific mods rbas and juice ... .. when i call some of them even have to look in their own cases to tell me what they have in stock its your store how do you not know what you have ... . some of them havent even tried all their juices some of them just dont know anything about vaping there just clerks at a store ... ..nnill tell you that i called almost all the vape shops in town there are few exceptions and they are good some are better than good ... . but when i called vapeco ... . i asked about what they had in store ... . the  that answered the phone snapped into it very enthusiastically told me about their store ... .. very knowledgeable and quick to point out that they have some exclusive things that nobody else in town has ... . he also made it a point to ask me what type of equipment i had and what level i was at as well and what brands of juices i use he recognize the brands and told me what they had in stock and invited me to the store ... . come down and check out the store hang out a bit and try our juicesnnnow i  just head on down there it is on the other side of town from where i live ... . but ive been looking around for a really good and unique store to shop for my next mods so just based on their customer service that i received on the  i hopped in my car drove all the way from anthem to their store ... . nnand it was totally worth the drive ... . i was pleasantly surprised its a beautifully designed modern store seemingly focused on quality over quantity ... . a very well laid out floor plan and a really nice stainless steel juice bar ... . it reminded me of an apple store ... . very clean and concise ... . i was greeted immediately as i walk to the door by the whole staff ... . i was shown a few new things there like a french mod i havent heard of before called titianide its all titanium the themis named after a  goddess ... . it is  ... .. i swapped some build stories got some good advice too ... .. i picked up some juice and some build supplies and was offered a sample of bio wick to try as well ... .nnif youre  to get started with vaping or if you are already an advance builder vapeco has pretty much everything youre going to need ... . including a great staff to help you along the way ... . ill  be going back ... .
__label__neg i have been a huge fan of cafe rio and went to the gilbert location many many times when i lived in the east valley . i would actually  more than 10 miles each way to get there i enjoyed it so much . nnonce i heard they were opening a location on my new end of town i was thrilled to say the least . it was going to be my new regular place to go for mexican food each week . nnwell ... ... that is not exactly the way it turned out . nnive been 3 times since they opened and have had identical experiences each time so i  this review in confidence that i did not simply just catch them on a bad day . nneach time the line to get through was painfully slow . the last time there were about 10 people in front of us and it took more than 20 minutes yes i timed it for us to be served . im not  by their singing in the least . that does not show me that the staff is enjoying their shift . in fact they seemed stressed grumpy and less than enthusiastic about interacting with customers . nnim willing to bet a big reason for that is the fact that they were understaffed each time . only 2 people working the front line come on cafe rio . you guys are too busy to only have 2 people up front on the make line . they did not have a runner refilling the bins either not surprising that they were out of nearly everything . hey managementownership you are stressing your workers out and aggravating your customers by making us wait that  . nnonce we navigated the line and survived the slow service we get to the end where we were asked if we wanted guacamole on our nachos . they only had a tiny bit left and they put that on top . we looked at them and said is that all you have we were told they would bring some more out soon . when we slid over to the register and the girl at the register said that was the normal amount and if we wanted any more it would be an additional charge . so they  the 2.50 or so for it and said they would bring it out to us . nnby this point we are bugged and not enjoying our experience and were discussing how cheap they have become nickel and diming people . in this case an extra 2.50. then they brought us out a little 2 oz cup of guacamole . 2.50 for that hardly ... .we took it back inside and got our money back for that . i know food is not cheap and good food really is not  but come on stop being so  cr . nnive just noticed the meat portions have become smaller the prices have gone up the service has gone south and now we are no longer loyal customers .
__label__pos  was pretty good .  was  . will  back again . not very   of   .
__label__pos more like a quasilatin kitchen . the latin food is there if you want it but you can also get burgers and most of the coffee  are hardly latin . nnat first i got a frappe coffee drink a frigid mocha  . for 6.00 for a 16 ounce blended coffee drink it was a overpriced but very tasty . nnat  counter i got a double burger . the only choice for cheese was cheddar but the burger was  a relative bargain at 8.25. the two greasy patties with nicely melted cheese with tomato lettuce and onion turned out to be a good choice . nnthis was tough for me to judge as its more like 3.5 stars but for yelp  i pushed it up to 4 stars due to the inviting eclectic decor and i really  that its off the beaten path compared to so  of downtown . as its just across the street from the  museum its also a good choice beforeafter a trip to that museum .
__label__pos came here for a sunday brunch at  noon . its fairly small and was  when ago there but no wait . while sitting there i could see most  only had to wait a few minutes before getting a table . i guess due to location the traffic in and out was steadynnservice . not bad but not great . i feel the cafe needed one more server . i could tell the two that they had were in little overwhelmed . this caused a delay in our table being cleaned off and for my coffee to be forgotten about . but the servers were pretty nice and did apologizennfood . really really good . i had the flipside breakfast which was cheddar grits 2 eggs bacon and biscuits with gravy . the eggs and bacon were ok i felt the eggs were scrambled a little too hard and the bacon was too rubbery . the grits and biscuit made up for it . the grits were so smooth . the gravy on the biscuits were amazing . best gravy ive had in a while . they have the biscuit and gravy as a side so try it if you get something  nni also had a pancake on the  yeah im a fat kid . that was also really good . i wish i had two.nnmy  had the lobster omelette and she enjoyed it . i had a taste and thought it wasnt bad . it was a little overcooked honestly . i liked my breakfast more . nnit seems the cafe turns into a little bar too at some  . they had a surprising amount of beers listed.nni really hope they open a place somewhere in charlotte . i think they could do pretty well if its a good location .
__label__neg  here a few nights ago and wish i would have read the other yelp reviews before deciding to eat here . we were going to hit kona grill for happy hour but the bar was  and so we decided to eat here since we never been here before . the menu was set up similar to a pei wei style menu different flavor combinations served with beef chicken shrimp tofu or double vegetables . each of them are served with noodles or the noodles can be substituted for white or brown rice.nni went with the allegedly very spicy dan dan noodles with marinated steak and my wife got the sweet mongolian chicken . we both upgraded to a combo meaning we got a drink and two spring rolls for 2.49 extra . i also got breaded chicken tenders for my boys . the dan dan noodles were very bland and only slightly spiced with sambal chili sauce which did little to add any flavor other than spice to the dish . i found myself reaching for anything on the table to add flavor sriracha soy sauce and lime juice which helped but still was missing something . the marinated steak had some flavor to it but many pieces were cut with the grain which made them  tough to chew . my wifes mongolian chicken was just as bland the only difference between the two  was slightly spicy vs. slightly sweet . the spring rolls were clearly frozen and not made in house as the little vegetables were soggy . the best thing i ate were my sons chicken  crunchy and tender . wish i would have gotten a bowl of those instead.nnservice was nice and helpful which saved it from being a 1 star.nnexpected more from a chain  . with all the other great restaurants in the san tan mall we   again anytime soon .
__label__neg this asian buffet just  in the location  occupied by the   pancit adobo . lin buffet features the pretty standard array of asian buffet fare including typical rice and noodle offerings chinese soups chicken dishes like sweet and sour chicken and black pepper chicken seafood dishes like seafood with vegetables and peelandeat shrimp dim sum offerings like shumai and  a mongolian bbq station and a sushi station.nnnothing particularly  out good or ill although i was surprised by the presence of baconwrapped crabkrab sticks and korean chicken which looked like grilled sliced skinon chicken in a  sauce . reminded me a bit of chinese soy sauce duck although some of the fatty skin on the chicken can be offputting rather than appetizing as it is in the duck.nnin the group i was with we were split as to whether lin buffet or krazy buffet a few blocks  was the better asian buffet although krazy buffet holds the edge currently . might be worth a revisit once theyve settled in postopening to see how the food fares .
__label__neg quite possibly one of the worst food experiences of my life mexican or salvadorean . at one point this space was a salvadoreanmexican  place owned by the same people as the las palmas market next door . the bf was one of their biggest fans.nnbut we went a couple of   and despite being the same type of food and the same space this was not the restaurant he remembered . nnfor the life of me i cant even remember what we ordered only how awful it was . i vaguely recall   but receiving something that did not even remotely resemble the dish . the corn tortillas were the only  factor but the meat inside was overcooked to the point of being dry tasteless crunch . the rice and beans looked suspicious and tasted worse i dont think ive seen beans that far gone outside of a dumpster . the  chips were stale . the salsa was watery . the food looked and tasted in  very old.nnthe cafu00e9 is small and simple du00e9cor next to nonexistent and the service is just as minimal . and i dont mean that in a good way .
__label__pos i came here today 45 minutes before their lunch buffet closed and it was a good experience . nnwe were sat promptly as our party was already there . they have about 12 hot dishes that range from curries to rices and then a salad bar.nnthe  outs were the chicken curry goat curry and the chicken tikka masala . they also gave our table two orders of  naan . the naan was piping hot and full of garlic.nni would say the amount of meat in the curries was minimal but given it was a buffet i understood . plus the flavors of all of the curry dishes were each so delicious and unique that the sauce with naan was enough for me.nnim used to having curry in a non ayce setting and i dont know if ill ever do that again . the value of the buffet was really good for the variety.nni also liked their fried onion fritters the veggie samosas and their rice and chicken dish . i dont know any of the  but  was worth a try.nnthe staff was solid for a buffet as in those  minutes i had my drink refilled about 5 times . they also cleaned up our plates before i  back from each trip the buffet linennthey also had this spice mix when you leave up  that was full of spices they  like dinner mints which was cool to try.nni like the value the restaurant staff the decor and definitely the flavors . for 35 after tax for three people its an excellent value and ill return very soon.nnchicken tikka masala that is comparable is about 15 at most establishments on its on so this was awesome .
__label__neg update . nthis restaurant has literally gone from the best indian restaurant in vegas to just another indian restaurant in las vegas the main  might be the change in  a couple  ago ive been to delhi india cuisine a few times now but now the taste has changed significantly from the food  there a month ago the  has never really been commendable anyway do not believe the reviews most of the 5 stars come from family profiles smh .  like im going to have to  back to  or mount everest .
__label__neg  for  about 230 p.m.   a greasy cheese steak place back in philly . not necessarily a bad thing . waitress was sweet enough and explained some of the n orleans delicacies . and then we waited and waited and waited . no one else in the restaurant . and then we waited some more . nn when the food finally came we asked what was the delay . she informed us that the cook called in sick and the hostess was at the grill . ok nnthe po boy sandwiches we had were pretty good . the hush puppies and fried mac and cheese were very mediocre . after waiting so long we took half of everything togo . it was interesting that they charged 0.50 for credit card use ... and explained they would be moving soon . my wife reported a less than clean restroom and felt the whole place was pretty dirty .
__label__neg ive been stoked to try chayo since the  opened after seeing the restaurant on one of my favorite tv shows in california . nni dined saturday july 12 2014 for the first and last time.nnour server started out very attentive and inquired if we were ready to  frequently . there may have been ten tablesnna gentleman with a large tray which appears to be some of the items i may have ordered comes out and circles my booth but doesnt make any eye contact . he circles the area a second time before placing my food on someone elses table . i acknowledged the server and of  he picked the food up and brought it to me . another server comes out and does the exact same thing to me and my guest a second time.nnno one fills the water or even comes back after the mix up the remainder of our lunch . the restaurant was nearly empty you would think these types of errors wouldnt occur nni was highly displeased with the lack of service and mediocre foods especially after having another guest served my food before brining it to my tablenn50 for decent shrimp ceviche excellent chips and guacamole terrible  and a yummy  nnmy lunch  enjoyed her 15 lobsters and i must admit they looked delish toonni will not recommend nor return to this location but i would try in another city
__label__pos love the   .   and  . love love  the   bar area . attentive service and the manager even checked up on us we will definitely be back .
__label__pos  the   .   for    bodies . key location great staff . will be recommending for all my cocktail waitress friends .
__label__pos  is the  she is very patient with me she makes laser treatment so pleasant and for sure i am   to see her . i do  the  treatments for  with  it really helps .
__label__pos location cosmopolitan high expectations for me since this is my favorite hotel on the strip . inside the cosmo i have to say it is a bit difficult to find but as long as you look for directions to the wicked spoon its right next door . while waiting to go inside i noticed many people go up to the bouncers and ask if it was the wicked spoon it was kind of funny  because the bouncers showed them its right next to it without having an annoyed look on their face . i cant imagine how many times they are asked that question because the entrances are really too close together . nnfrom the outside you have no idea what to expect . there are big doors that you cant see in and get a peek what is happening inside . i have to say i wouldnt know it is a restaurant inside if i did not read the reviews . its not a restaurant in which you can walk up see the menu posted and see the seating from the from of it and ask the hostess to seat you . later on i spoke with the manager and he told me you need reservations normally . it is not very inviting from the outside so i am assuming they dont get many people just walking by wanting to come in since you really cant tell whats  the closed doors giving it some mystery . nnthere were about 810 hostsguards standing outside and letting people in making it  exclusive to gain entry . when we walked through the doors there was a room almost like a rotunda with more rooms with  doors . we were led to the theater room . i was impressed when i entered . i liked the music the small venue the dim  and there are 2 bars on each side of the round stage and seating area . the drinks were free but to me very watered down taste and nothing special . i am hoping that the drinks everyone raves about in the other reviews are much better because they are paying top dollar for those drinks . since mine were free i could not complain  . nnwe get seated and the show starts first with some comedy which i found offensive at times and just not funny at all . the acts most were pretty entertaining and kept my interest . the contortionist disturbing dragon guy annoying and not funny his dog was the cutest part but it was also really sad as the dog was shaking and scared . the  walker walked and jumped nothing amazing . the acts i did enjoy were the balancing act hottie in the bathtub fire girl wine glass music and the others . i dont think the acts amazed me but it kept my interest to wonder what was next . nncomedy 1 starnvenueconceptintimate vibeconnecting rooms 5 starsnni think if i had paid for the tickets i am not sure its worth the price i saw on their website . i am curious to try the restaurant even though it looks really pricey and supposedly the acts that are on the stage those people wander throughout the barrestaurant and do a little scene from whatever they did on the stage . i wonder if this is seen from the restaurant room or only the vip area with the couchesrestaurant area i am curious about that . nnas i walked around i loved the idea of different rooms and found them to be quite  . i did see the people who were up on the stage socializing after in the bar area . i am not sure if this is how it usually is or because it was the grand opening night . nni am now interested in seeing absinthe.i also have to note that every employee i encountered there was very friendly and nice
__label__pos i have to admit i was a little nervous and unsure about the food and portions here so i made a dinner reservation for scarpetta for after the show which i ended up canceling mid way through our  as it was obvious we would be  satisfied with our small plate dinner here . my boyfriend and i ordered 5 platesnbrussels sprouts very good flavor 8nuni perciatellialaskan king crabshisoumami butter loved this dish it is served over some type of pasta its filling and not what i would consider a small plate at all 34nsteak fritespommes soufflu00e9umami butterescarole oh my gosh melt in your mouth fantastic 36nduck confit pastaswiss chardparmesan cream white wine this one was also a generous portion filling and so good 14ncaviar tacoshackelback caviaryukon gold potato shellhamachi we ordered one a piece now these are tiny and adorable and packed with the most amazing flavor i mean exploding with flavor 15 each nthe drink we ordered came in a bottle i cant remember the name of it but it was 45 and it gave us about 3 drinks a piece 6 drinks total so that was a better value than ordering 6 drinks at 16 a piece . we did order desert but didnt get to enjoy it because our show started at 8 and dinner was at 630 so i do wish we would have went to dinner at 6 but i will know better next time to allow about  hrs for dining service was not  its just that the dinning is an  in itself . you  need to check this place out
__label__pos very friendly staff clean facility and  pricing . i   by and having your  groomed by these  groomers my dog looks great and was  in the  environment while being  .
__label__pos my boys have been coming here since birth . all the drs are great . i started with dr rosemary hyun . shes asian dr. very good . shes always so busy . you have to set up apts well in advance . as my boys got older they wanted a  dr. so i used dr misch which is dr hyun husband . both are very caring and are always accurate on diagnosis . he also is busy . there office is  and durango next to the hospital . nnunfortunately i had moved . so now i go to the horizon ridge location . brand new office . big and clean . there old location was on eastern and horizon ridge . even tho they moved location . you still wait a long time to see the dr. because i moved and now i see dr hodap . nneven though i cant stand the wait times . your going to wait at any dr  . i would rather wait and make sure all my questions are answered and that the dr takes the time needed for the visit . then to have less wait time and have dr be rushed and not accommodate my childs needs . you cant please everyone . as long as you know wait times are long . then at least you will know what to expect . i recommend them . all the drs are great . nni did  a female  on fortepache . i would get in right away but my kids and i never felt a connection with her . i always felt she wasnt accurate in her diagnoses . and you could tell she was rushing . no thank you . i would rather have a longer wait time and  good service than a  visit any day
__label__pos i visited here for a birthday party and was amazed at how  this place is for kids and adults . the  pit was a favorite of all but theyre were so many other great activities dress up slides cars to  and mini exercise equipment . the kids did not want to leave . nnthe  part is they didnt forget the parents . there are 4 comfy couches spaced around the room for you to relax on while  your  . there are also magazines for you to read coffee and snacks . this would be a great place to hang out at during the hot  months.nnsocks are required to enter the play area .
__label__pos  in on a trip to las  . cute shop interesting goodies great hand  signs with   . the lady that  there was very nice . had to make a second  to buy some things . would  again . reasonable prices . thumbs up
__label__pos fabulous place to stop for kitchen gadgets that are both functional and visually appealing most products are cute and serve an important kitchen role though arguably the majority of goods here arent  in your kitchen . theyre fun though and who doesnt like making cooking funnnkitchenova is a great place for gifts whether you need to attend a housewarming or just  to buy yourself  that will be fun to use in your culinary  . youll find several options for popsicle makers tons of  accessories and a lot of entertainment pieces . nnfavorite items here include the various novelty ice cube molds gourmet tea selection and looseleaf holders and of course the blendtec blenders anyone got a spare ipone handynnbonus points for being able to order in items from various companies . kitchenova staff are  helpful and passionate about kitchenware . grand opening had several product demos and space is clean modern and welcoming . i only wish i had more kitchen cabinets for all of the nonessential but awesome tools and  that caught my eye here .
__label__pos great food and awesome servicennwalked in although i recommend reservations for our 4  anniversary and were greeted and  promptly . hostess made certain to advise those whom were assisting us as well as the manager of our reason for dining . most definitely made the  that much more special.nnwe had the pleasure of being assisted by tj ... ask for him if you decide to dinennwe orderednnlump crab cakesnpeppercorn  with the diablo shrimpnchipotle macaroni and cheesenmolten lava cakennall of which were made to perfection and  with great presentation .
__label__neg walked in  after an amazing dinner in the plaza to grab a beer . first of all the bar was crowded with employees so we already  awkward trying to grab a drink . then when the  i ordered was out i said we would be back another night when we could chill which i meant . worst  walking out and you overhear the terrible employees talking  about you for trying to make light of an awkward situation . as if their   wasnt disappointing enough this is proof this restaurant is  and under delivers .
__label__pos ok ive been here twice now and am totally loving it . nnfirst time was for dinner and we tried everything on the menu . the tacos are the street variety that is they are soft corn tortillas . the tortillas are fresh made inhouse and are amazing nthe other things on the dinner menu are awesome but the tacos and ceviche stand out the most . ndessert of flan slightly firmer texture than  but very smooth and tres leches were also amazing . nthey have an excellent drink selection as well . nnsecond trip brunch nwe started with the  plate a very good selection of a variety of fruits and yogurt . i ordered the chorizo skillet a very  portion of eggs cheese and chorizo spicy . it was awesome and while i hopped to box up  of it i ended up eating it all . others tried all of the other brunch options . no complaints and many compliments . nnill  add that the coffee is excellent i enjoyed it  . nnpeyton et al have done it again expect to see a lot more checkins from me .
__label__neg naming the place taco haus prepared my palette for a taco experience . especially since it replaced blue burrito . but thats not what i had . its almost like the chef wants to be a  alchemist but fails . tom jetland he is not.nni had two tacos . one chicken . one  asade . the chicken one had no flavor except i could taste the corn tortilla.. the steak one tasted like the  had been marinated in worcestershire sauce which was unpleasant . i dressed them both up with  and salsa i had to ask for and they were extra . i hated the lunch.nnthe place looks like it would be a great happy hourinside has picnic table style seating built to be lined up with butts from the frat house on  night . theres a lot of seating outside too which would be a fun happy hour.nnservice was slow although there seemed to be a lot of servers . my friend and i paid 30 for our lunch left and went to mcdonalds to  ice cream cones to cleanse our palettes from a lunch we are trying to forget . he had ceviche by the way and was more than underwhelmed.nni am happy to read that some of these reviews of taco haus are so glowing . maybe i caught them on an off day but somehow i dont think so . i am a total foodie and this is one place i would not recommend.nnbut what i will recommend to taco  write a little blurb about your style and  on the menus so customers understand theyre not getting a taco that their palette might be craving.nnill give them two stars because it appears they have a wide selection of tequilas . after enough tequila anything tastes good right
__label__neg the quality of the cleaning is good but we have had issues with servicemisplacement of items . on one occasion they lost my husbands pants . they eventually   a  check but it took several times of back and forth communication in order this issue to be resolved . im sure that had i not been persistent nothing would have been done.nnon another occasion i realized that one of my favorite blouses was no longer in my closet . initially the person who worked there someone who i didnt see very often said she didnt know what to do and that it wasnt in their left over area . i was super frustrated and she just didnt have to skills to deal with the situation . against my better judgment i returned the following week with more dry cleaning . the girl who is  there recognized me and took my order . i then asked her about the blouse . she exclaimed that they had the blouse and that somehow it had gotten separated from the rest of the order . nnon yet another occasion i picked up the regular order and the attendant grabbed a shirt separate from the order and added it to my pickup .  another instance of a shirt getting separated and no one tells menntoday was the  strawwe had received an email for a doublecoupon promotion . the regular attendant said i had come in a day early for the promotion but that she will submit the order the following day along with the promo code . i picked up the order this afternoon and i just had a hunch that i should check if the promo code was applied . another new attendant was there and he pretty much said he didnt know what to do and that he was new there . no let me take down your info and get it to someone . nothing . no remorse . no  that the order wasnt entered correctly . nnagain  was fine . but the customer service is horrendous . only one person seems adequately trained to handle any issues . i am now in search for a new reasonablypriced and professional dry cleaners .
__label__neg we visited on a saturday evening . we had 4 adults and 4 children . the space is clean and well designed and interesting looking . nnwe ordered 2 beef sandwiches several hot dogs the meatball sub a childrens cheeseburger and a side salad . the salad was fresh and italian dressing was tasty . the hot dogs were definitely chicago dogs although they werent hot when we got them . the fries all came out hot and were good . nnthe beef sandwiches were quite dissapointing . the beef was visually  grey and limp  . quite  it was lacking any flavor it mostly tasted old and microwaved . the gravy was not flavorful either it looked like it was going to taste good and homemade and was quite the opposite . my daughter  she wouldnt order the cheeseburger again . my son enjoyed the meatball sub and would order it again . nnoverall the hotdogs and fries would be worth visiting again to get a  dog fix and seeing if the come out hot next time . the service and  warrant another visit but i wont give more than 2 stars because if the food .
__label__pos i stopped by here late last night for a late  with my fiancu00e9 and another couple . we arrived a minute before 10 and saw a worker turning off the open light . while we offered to leave he told us we would be their last customers and it was not a problem . this kindness was shown again and again throughout the 30 or so  that i was there and i honestly felt the staff was super  and inviting . as for the inside of the restaurant it looked like well a pizza shop . a small counter to order from lots of booths and an area to wait . there was also some cool instrumental  of current pop songs playing in the background which i thought was awesome.nnfor my pizza cones i went with both a pepperoni cone and mafia cone while my fiancu00e9 went with the meditteranean cone and a dessert nutella cone . honestly i wasnt quite sure what to make of the cones whenever they got to the table . they were somewhat thick and clearly made of a pizza like dough . however they proved to be perfect at keeping everything in the cone while not overwhelming the toppings . overall the inside tasted like a good pizza with copious amounts of all the right toppings . my fiancu00e9s nutella cone was made of a crepe like cone and  with with whipped cream . while this cone was a bit more fragile and thereby messy my fiancu00e9 loved the cone and nutella pairing.nnthe bottom line for me is that i would head back here again in the future . while its not  to replace the traditional pizza places for me i still think its worth a stop . the novelty of a pizza cone  with the friendliness of the staff  this a great stop for us .
__label__pos i wished i found this place sooner . im so glad i saw their posting on facebook not sure how but luckily so . i went the very same weekend i found out about their existence . i couldnt have been happier . nnthe layout of the shop is very spacious its airconditioned and very clean . you have ample space to walk around and do your shopping . they carry all the  asian food stuff . they are priced very competitively with other asian marts and have their own specialty to bring to the table . nni found my favorite soy beancurd there . they call it sweet tofu . i simply love those and would never pass them up on every trip to chicago chinatown . this is the first time ive seen it being sold here in madison so exciting i was also looking forward to the sashimi that they say they carry over the weekends but have no luck as of now . their bakery items are also a great find . they carry delicious awesomeness from chicago and other regions . for fans of  kitkats they carry the macha kit kats and two other  directly from japan they  have a variety of snacks from the  region as well . nni would make it my regular goto place for groceries . the fact that its a stones  away from saigon noodles seals the deal . on weekends i could just go to saigons for their spicy beef weekend special and then make a stop to amart on the way  for some great groceries and tasty  .
__label__pos oxtail pho yum yum yumnni kept seeing this place pop up on yelp so decided to give it a try . turns out pho so 1s owners son runs this place my family and i have been going to pho so 1 for years so when i found out i was super excited . my mom got to the restaurant first and she was  outside . as soon as  saw her he ran out and told her hed get a table started while she waited for the rest of us to arrive . what awesome service . we felt like vips pnnnot your typical vietnamese pho place . they have the common pho combos and also offer a variety of other fresh  items . i got the oxtail pho . it was 12 on the pricey side for pho ... but totally worth it . my bowl came out with 3 huge pieces of oxtail it also comes with a side of dipping sauce for the meat . mix them up and squeeze a little bit of lemon and its deliciousnnmy sister got mi sate . it came out and looked delicious but it definitely was not . it tasted like someone took half a jar of peanut  and mixed it in with her soup . way too peanuty and sweet . not a fan.nnone other minor complaint i have about this place is that my very vietnamese mother had a difficult  ordering the specific pho combo she wanted . their menu had the basics . she typically gets pho chin tai nam ... not on the menu . totally not a  but when she tried to order both my mother and the waitresses were confused . neither of them spoke vietnamese . i dont mind this at all but i know my mom wasnt too happy . shed be more comfortable with going to a solely vietnamese speaking establishment so i probably wont be coming here with my family but i know for sure i will be back with some  i really wan na try the lobster pho
__label__neg save your money and  saltys ... this place went  with the  spot . customers service was a joke togo food was lousy to say the least chicken fajitas undercooked driedhard rice.. and flour tortillas when the menu reads corn tortillas i finally had to  down a server and ask her to check on my food . the bartenders where too busy  with the staff to offer  beer while i waited or update me on the food.nnthere are  of spots in old town ... i doubt ill be back
__label__pos this place was so fun from the chefs to the managers it is so lively  a place you can  home nni  that goyemon is the ultimate sushi  but this place  for atmosphere . the sushi is just as amazing and they have some really fun rolls and chefs willing to  recommendations and create special rolls with the things you like.nnthe  winner of this place ... .. garlic tuna . drool it  melts in your mouth . nnlooking forward to my next adventure
__label__pos this  hasnn   sandwiches.n   coffee.n nick cave playing in the background.nnneed i say more
__label__neg dont really know where to begin . i guess ill start by saying the service is ridiculously slow it took forever for me to get a burger and drink . even standing in the line waiting it took  for me to get my food ordered . when it was finally my turn the cashier just walks away leaving me waiting there . then after a few minutes she decides to grace me with her presence and just take my order how sweet of her right anyways i  and i wait another 10 minutes for my  . well it must have sat there because the burger was cold and it tasted like  to boot . then about an hour later i felt a nasty rumbling in my  and had to book it to the bathroom . that was the first thing i had eaten that day so there was  else that could have caused that . for the burger and drink it set me back 13.00. i am sure that for some it is a good place to get a quick cheaper bite to  in vegas but for me its not .
__label__pos  is greatnshe took our family pics and also our sons first  pictures . nshe was   and easy to work with . her  were  too.nhighly recommended
__label__pos ok so this is  . so nothing is  . but the burger is out of the world . crunch burger with potato chips . bottomless diet cokes .  of seats . so burger fries and drink . 16.50. can  beef turkey or   . enjoy people .
__label__neg too bad you cant give zero stars i also  a  social voucher . i would be willing to accept that they were overwhelmed by more cleaning requests than they could keep up with if they would just return a phone call or email i have   for over a week . i have scheduled two cleanings online that they never called to confirm on . i sent  to the scheduling  address posted on their site.nni hardly ever  even slightly critical reviews ... this business must be a scam ... i dont get it .
__label__neg food was fantastic and portions were huge . the rest of the experience was not so memorable . our waiter obviously did not feel that we were worth the  of treating us like all of his other tables around us . he never smiled or offered us any suggestions when asked . he wandered around the floor talking to his other parties and  back to us after waiting 10 mins . this was after asking his assistance to get his attention . he took our order without a word and we did not see him until we  to the manager about our experience . the manager was great and listened to  making no  for the shaved head waiter from   who should be  elsewhere . nthe food fantasticnthe service ... ... .go somewhere else where they treat locals like family .
__label__neg  .  . unfriendly  and  desk  . go  else .  of  .
__label__neg i stayed here three days and had to make a oneday addition to my reservation several weeks  . trying to find a live person was extremely challenging and changing the reservation via the web  was  . it  me  hours to accomplish the small task but at least i had the opportunity to really get to  their phone tree . arriving at the casino checkin was speedy and service was friendly . the casino floor looked as new as the other casinos on the strip but relatively small and uninteresting in comparison . the rooms themselves and the hallways were dilapidated to the point that the hotel looked  . wallpaper was coming off the  the carpet was stained and wrinkled and the ice machine didnt work . but the rooms were relatively clean although they too looked old . the staff was very friendly and often greeted me with a friendly good morning as i passed them each day . of course when i returned home i had already received a spam email from them . the good news it was cheap . including resort fees it was around 48 a night . an no it wasnt worth it .
__label__neg my wife and i were very  to try this place as it is close to our home and the marketing on the website shows a very neat clean and fun place to dine . we arrived  sunday 3914 morning around 800 am we were not the first there but there was by no means a crowd of people . the place was clean looking so our hopes were high ... we ordered our breakfast and found a table and waited to try the food we waited waited and waited some more ... finally a young server came over and delivered our coffee ... which had a nice presentation but a lousy flavor or more correctly a lack of flavor . we waited some more ... and more and after about 25 minutes breakfast arrives ... again looking forward to it . the food was cold ... not kind of warm but ice cold . the  were burnt the  looked cooked the ham was burnt and the toast was burnt ... and all of it ice cold . the crepes were also ice cold . we informed the young server and now waited for someone to approach and deal with this problem . the manager went into hiding and sent the young server to deal with the problem ... it aint over yet  ... .the young server  not deal with the refund on my card used to pay for the  cold meals but needed her manager ... waited some more ... finally went up to the bar where the young server was working and she just took cash out of the till to refund me part of my breakfast . the manager never showed her face to deal with this problem . this is bad customer service lousy food which in turn means that i will tell everyone i know not to go to the blue lemon as it is just that ... a lemon
__label__pos  little place  to     square . i love my juices so i hit up this  whenever i have meetings in the central area . nnive had the cyclist digest and a few of their cold pressed . last time i went in they accidentally made a 24 oz instead of a 16 oz and hooked me up with a smile . thanks guys nncheck out the  sample tub they usually have that includes their cold press juices . you can pour yourself a shot of whatever one you want to try . nnits a must try for the juice lover in the area .
__label__neg i think this place is way over rated on here . i like to try locally owned restaurants and im  with less  food . but this place was not good . i ordered a shrimp dish and the shrimp were like rubber they were so over cooked . my husband ordered a burrito that he wasnt a fan of either . the salsa was tasty maybe bumping it up to a 1.5 but it  have been the stuff you buy in the refrigerated  at frys . the small things werent their either . no water no refills on chips and salsa unless you asked . waaay overpriced too . 16 for  draft xxbeers . they   for 2 sides of pinto beans . unfortunately we wont be going back i was excited about a mexican restaurant near out house too
__label__pos nice  his  is  .  bus  early but it start moving couple minutes late . he didnt do  check in he said he was waiting for his bos.nthe  is clean n  seat too.nreally affordable price for lalv
__label__neg the first time i  at fahrenheit was shortly after they opened . our meals were pretty good but the food came out so fastway before we had finished our appetizers . one of my biggest pet peeves at a restaurant is being rushed through my meal especially when its expensive . i really enjoyed the chorizo  dates and my tuna entru00e9e was delicious but humongous . when i came back a second time with a couple who had never been my expectations were fairly low . lets just say my expectations were met . i ordered the tuna entru00e9e again and it was significantly differentalmost inedible . it was so coated in spice that i had to scrape it off just to eat part of it . it had no flavor other than hot and i hated wasting such an expensive dish but i had no choice . the drinks were  . my  had to order an extra shot of tequila for her margarita on the rocks . no thank you . when we got the bill we found out that our  jameson on the rocks were  per  . at most other restaurants jameson on the rocks is about 12. a huge waste of money . i have no idea how this restaurant has good reviews . its overrated and serves mediocre food at best .
__label__neg was looking forward to trying this place but was disappointed . reminded me of   with healthy food . ingredients sit out and there were containers  open everywhere around the juicingsmoothie  . doesnt look cleanly or kept up with . anyone who eats a  raworganic diet would benefit from driving up the street and paying  or even less for quality food from whole foods .
__label__pos as soon as i walked in i was greeted by three very friendly not over the top friendly which i loved hostesses . not only that but i had a nice conversation with one before i was seated . at first glance the menu is pretty standard bar food but many of the items and food combinations i never  before so naturally i was impressed . in all honesty the best part of my night out at twin peaks was my server . she sat down at my table and talked to me about the food and drinks in a very friendly once again not a creepy  way either and we had a very good  where i really got to know her and she got to know me . what i noticed was all the servers behaved the same way and to me good server customer relations are always a great sign . in all honestly what really made my night was how welcomed i felt and to me being greeted with genuine warm hospitality is always a plus not to mention everything on the menu is very reasonably priced and you really get the bang for your buck . another thing i absolutely loved was the kind of music that twin peaks has . silly i know but thats another thing i look for in a good restaurant . one other thing i should point out is the great merchandise available to purchase . not only do you have the choice of shirts and baseball hats but also a really  and functional winter cap i plan on buying one next time i come in now my one and only complaint is theres dozens of televisions but they all have the exact same thing on . to me thats pretty redundant and if i was actually interested in eating out or sitting at a bar and needed to keep up with a  game this would be a huge flaw  im not that kind of person . all in all it was a very good experience and i ended up coming back again not that long after . honestly ill probably make it a weekly ritual and that to me is a true sign of a good  to go to . i highly recommend going to this restaurant for a  relaxed meal that wont break your bank account or let you down in the service department .
__label__pos in a gorgeous  part of vegas  of standard beers a few unknowns but not too many . service was great . the outside patio was  and very clean . the  was   and the beer was also very good . i had a  shake porter on nitro and it was out of this world . will  be back again .
__label__pos  was great and  was awesome i tried the hawaiian burger and it was awful but i loved there  .  drink selection and will definitely go back to     time
__label__pos andrew and his shop are simply phenomenal . i have taken numerous german cars to them and every  time the problem has been taken care of quickly and at affordable rates . this is a mechanic i will continue to  and  trust him with any vehicle i own . he is quick to answer the phone and respond to your  . have a problem drop your car off and at the latest he will take care of it the next day . nnhaving moved from out of state recently i am glad to have found a trusted mechanic to  on my vehicles . i have never felt comfortable  with a mechanic to  drop the car off and say fix it but i absolutely trust his diagnosis and  decision making .
__label__pos  for 13 year  . they    though . brought our old  old she is having fun . will definitely come back .
__label__neg my wife has been asking to go to kneaders since we have moved up to phoenix . i was shocked how small the portions were and even more shocked when i heard the total cost of our meal . this place is expensive nni guess you pay for the grandmas attic hoarder atmosphere of the place . there is a lot of random knick  and ribbon and feminine gifty things populating the center of the restaurant . i  it was very odd and distracting but my wife said it made the place feel homey . nnthe service has been less than stellar during our  visits and the ladies taking our  are always grumpy and dont look like they want to be there or helping us . nnthe  didnt  me  either . i definitely dont kneed kneaders ... . haha  what i did there
__label__pos u8d85u7ea7u597du5403uff01u7eddu5bf9u6bd4u5f97u4e0au56fdu5185u800cu4e14u5728u7c73u56fdu5403u7f8au8089u66f4u653eu5fc3uff01dont  the name misguide you otherwose youll miss a great chance to experience  chinese style skewers and bbq . i strongly recommend their hotpot sticks   skewer shrimp and corn i dont usually write comments but i really hope this place could have more customers and last a long time in  vegas
__label__pos funktion  createdinstalled our   enlarged it and put it on one of our  in our  area . it looks incredible and makes an  impression as clients applicants and partners enter our  .
__label__neg the  was   .    the   im a local playing tour guide it was my first experience . i invited guests to this venue after they came from a show . therefore it was late precisely in time for the high roller late night happy hour which began after 10 p.m. on this wednesday . my guests won cocktail glasses at a show earlier this evening . after paying and going through the layers of holding areas just prior to entering hroller security said no glass allowed . okay no problem i understand the safety concern and i do not dispute that . glass in this enclosed pod is not a good idea . but guess where you have to leave your contraband at the concierge at the front of linq at the quad certainly not anywhere convenient did they think of installing maybe paid lockers for added revenue and better customer convenience someplace more accessible perhaps and not at another zip code at the very least forewarn the customer of what is not allowed before they pay the nonrefundable farennthen they advertise that there is a bar in every pod for happy hour . as we got rushed into our pod you guessed it no fing bar their reply oh you got the las vegas residents discount so the bar is not included . that costs extra . so what theyre saying is lv residents dont drink alcohol why even offer a discount if it really isnt a discount youre taking something away in order to give the guest a purported discount . thats asinine nnthis tourist venue does not have the customers interest at heart just rape the tourist of their money . so when this local is asked for a recommendation this is one attraction that does not get my vote . steer clear . liars and rip offs
__label__neg new store using the latest mcdonalds motif is pleasant to the eye but the good ends there . i dont go to mcdonalds expecting stellar  but this store falls short with an i dont care attitude from the  on down . if they get your order right go buy a lottery ticket because it is your lucky day.nthe dont   shows in a general filthiness to the place . most of the soda dispenser heads have carbonated water pouring out of  it shouldnt be coming from . use the napkin you  drying your hands to wipe off a dirty table.nthis  gives mcdonalds a bad  .
__label__neg i love anime and games but this store is  and overpriced.nnas soon as i heard about this place i knew i wanted to check it out . im an anime fan even if not to the extent of some of the people around this town you see dressed up at the conventions . if a shop opens up carrying anime stuff you can rest assured im bound to check it out eventually.nnafter finally getting a chance to check it out though i am severely disappointed.nnas soon as i walked into the store i was  by a girl dressed as princess peach from the mario series so you can tell they are fans which is good at least . as soon as i entered i took a lap around the store looking to find their  of anime dvds and another lap . and another.nnthe store does not have any anime dvds.nnare you kidding me the whole reason i go into an anime store is to collect discs of my favorite titles or discover new ones . an anime store that does not stock anime dvds is like pizza hut deciding they are not going to sell pizza anymore . they also do not carry any actual video games it is not  if they intend to stock any of this material in the future but if they are not they need to reconsider.nnthey do have some cool memorabilia cosplay props household items keychains collectables figures etc . but nearly all of it is severely overpriced . the dragon ball z scouters aka the things people  on their faces to tell power levels cost over 10 more here than they do at tokyo discount . and tokyo discount has stores on both end of town with no hectic town center parking or traffic.nni was so eagerly looking forward to visiting anime revolution but a revolution this is not . when it comes to anime and anime accessories just go to tokyo discount instead . they actually have anime  and have a better selection of memorabilia most of which is priced fairer . stop in if youre at town square anyway but do not  a separate trip just to go here .
__label__pos great place .   . very   . get the  pain killer . this  would be  to  together with friends in the bar without the loud clublike scene
__label__neg  reviewersemployees have left  5star  mike robin and marjon they  similar comments for liv avenida liv north scottsdale and liv northgate notice that the comments are from 8 months ago before the property was opened ... nice try be aware of this and the deception
__label__pos great atmosphere . awesome  . saw a pianist last night whose  i didnt  he was very funnyhotentertaining and played a few good   as  as requests.nnthe drinks are a  size and tasty they did seem a bit light on the alcohol .
__label__pos our group of 11 had an amazing time the guides did a fantastic job at making sure all of us had a good time . with  different   there was plenty of guides making sure we were all safe .  shout out to korey for showing me the less risky routes to take . we  at the end of  and they made  we were well  and had a break here and there when needed . i highly recommend las vegas atv tours if you want to get away from the glitz and glam and have a great time in the dirt . thanks again las vegas atv tours
__label__neg update 100714nna lady called to set things right a few minutes ago . she was very argumentative in an effort to explain why i was  . she  that the 2hour atv ride groupon is from door to door . she stated that the   when they pick you up from your  and ends when they drop you off . this includes traffic . this means that you only get 45 minutes of actual riding time . im not easily provoked but this lady managed to  all the  buttons . ill see if my party of eight will post on yelp to confirm our experience with this company .
__label__neg with all the hype sprinkles gets my expectations were overpriced i figured about 6 dollars per cupcake but really tasty cupcakes . i was  on both accounts.nnwe arrived and chose the cupcake line . there is a separate counter for ice cream and cookies.nni was  the prices were reasonable . 3.00 for a cupcake is on par with less trendy shops . i was disappointed that they did not have most of the  which were listed on the wall . i settled on a raspberry cupcake as the sign said it was a seasonal favorite while my daughter ordered their specialty red velvet cupcake and we also tried their mini chocolate marshmallow for 2.00.nnthe chocolate marshmallow cupcake was  . neither my daughter nor i could finish it and it tasted like a rum based dark  topping with a strong bitterness . nnthe raspberry cupcake was overly sweet but definitely tasted like fresh raspberries were used in the making of the frosting . i could only handle a small bite of it due to the sweetness . unfortunately the cupcake was not moist inside and   . it tasted stale or store bought instead of handmade . the red velvet cupcake was only slightly moister but when i picked it up the top came off and the cupcake fell to the ground . i am all for cupcake tops but this only  with dry cupcakes . the flavor on the red velvet cupcake was good and this is the only one of the three i would ever try again .
__label__neg we just bought a house in moon valley and was very excited to try times square especially to have them as the life long  . very disappointed . the service was very slow due to a couple parties . this was the excuse the manager  as part of her defense when i asked for some sort of compensation after waiting for lengthy time for our food . the manager could not afford an apology or some sort of discount worse yet she argued the food was warm wasnt it . my reply was simple im  your business can not afford customer service so we just wont come back here again . to make matters worse she walked away nodding her head no . when we were still hospitable by paying our  and paying the tip to the  whom was apologetic and walked with integrity she was standing across the  still nodding her head no . nnyelp do you have a video tape upload option if so her reaction was  . experience never compensates for bad customer service she may know what shes doing on the job but she forgets who shes doing it for the customer .
__label__pos    and    of   it here and feel very supported
__label__neg i still have the terrible taste in my mouth . not to be unfair the server was pleasant . beautiful exterior and interior design thought we would  it a shot . once we got seated it took about 10 minutes to get greeted by someone who wasnt our server . we were first greeted by a cricket hopping around our feet . then our  came we placed our orders for a kilt lifter glass of wine bruschetta and pretzels and beer pretzels cheese mustard . it took about 20 minutes to receive the drinks and about 40 minutes for the appetizers . pretzels were  the cheese dipping sauce was grainy and cold ew and the bruschetta was presentation included all  disgusting . we ordered the miracle   we had our hopes  for this place balsamic took over the whole thing . the only miracle was when we finally got out of there and arrived at samurai sams across the street . create yourselves a miracle today by choosing  restaurant
__label__pos nice little japanese restaurant that has awesome food and awesome sake . been quite frequenting this place cause my  and i love japanese food . if ur in the mood for a japanese food and  to avoid  type of  this nice relaxed  is the spot . price is reasonable and the service is way above  . miyuki is the manager and goes above and beyond . open   which is always good and their js sake barnext door is always a hit if u wan na try many different flavors of sake
__label__pos fabulous customer service . awesome  . wonderful  .  the  is fantastic.nngood bartenders and every alcohol manageable . definitely  this a stop in your  vacay
__label__pos my recent stay at south mountain was fantastic very nice and  staff very clean lobby very clean room very clean bathroom very   and a very  and delicious breakfast . so  fpts  mountain is a  to stay at and  .
__label__neg theyve taken over the republic  space and did a little bit of reformatting but if you remember what rk looked like ... it hasnt  a lot in terms of space and feel . nnthey did convert most of the bar area into walkup taco order stations . there are a couple different stations which are not clearly identified so youll just need to walk up hail someone working and ask for what you want and theyll tell you where you need to order . to me ... . this isnt really all that convenient because you could be standing in the wrong  only to find out you need to order what you want 2 feet to your left which may or may not have a line . and the line situation is just whoever speaks up first because the line isnt all that defined.nnand then theres the cashier . i dont  if she was new or just confused . she rang us up my husband ordered a beer which requires a  separate transaction and then when i ordered my soft drink she said she had already processed our order and had to ring up my drink separately from everything else . why would you finish ringing up an  before asking if we wanted another beverage or anything else not the best experience.nnthe taste of the food was really good and had great flavor.nnbut the service and the way the whole place is  up just turns me off so i doubt ill be back .
__label__neg we      never  .  they said new guy snswered phone didnt know this location changed hours even though menu says 12m . dont order from here if you ever want to get your food . its a good chance they will take your order and the food will  arrive . how does the order taking call center not know the hours of all locations .
__label__neg after  jimmy johns subs   every other day sometimes every day for 3 months . i can tell you with great confidence that their sandwiches are meh . thats right meh . now the service ive never had any issues with but what i do not like is that one i go in to order my preferred sub which is a turkey tom in order to get a decent sandwich its necessary to get extra turkey . then i also like cheese on sandwich and thats extra too . say what you will about the bread its ok. sometimes the bread seems old so the bread is hit and miss for what is advertised as gourmet hence everything a la carte . nnso after i get my turkey tom just the way like it . its running me hold your breath over 8. i think 8.64 to be exact for a sandwich that is like 89 inches . now the extra meat isnt like a ton of meat because regular meat is laughably miniscule . now the sandwich its ok as described it above they are meh especially with the gourmet tagline and the advertised low prices which go up quickly to get a respectable sandwich that will fill you up . add a drink and chips and ive gone over the ten dollar clip . if youre hungry you will need the chips so you better get those . nnnow like i mentioned earlier in this review i ate at this jimmy johns like  other  for 3 months . why because they are 30 seconds from where i work . that is it thats the only reason why . never once have ever been blown away by their sandwiches . just annoyed that i have to get extra meat . nnso unless you absolutely love jimmy johns do yourself a huge favor and go to port of subs not subway never subway where you will not need extra meat and your sandwich will be better . oh and the cheese comes with the sandwich also . oh and its going to seem like twice the food . nnone last thing i do not like about this place is the crazy delivery culture that their  are freaky fast or so fast youll freak . the jimmy john management must be forcing their drivers to drive un safely fast through the parking lot . then i see the driver get out of his vehicle and just start sprinting through the lot to get his next order . whats up with that . do you think we dont notice how un safe your delivery practices are nnso in conclusion yes i will still eat at   but only for the convenience . but i will not eat here as regularly any longer .
__label__pos came here  night for the first time and had a great experience at topgolf . from the  you walk in the door the staff was really friendly courteous and knowledgeable in helping you figure out how to get situated.nnthe facilities are incredible and the bar on the main level is large which makes for a nice sports bar environment . theyve also got billiards tables xbox kinect and fooseball to  sure that even the kids are entertained when not hitting golf balls.nnhaving three floors of hitting bays is awesome and i definitely recommend getting on the top floor . being able to look out over the field and seeing the  is really cool . this is definitely no driving range people that would consider themselves moderate to very good golfers should not need anything close to a driver when hitting balls here okay  the ladies but definitely not the guys . the experience is more about target shooting and racking up points in their preprogrammed  not hacking balls as far as you  can.nnill for sure be back at topgolf the entertainment value is high for everyone even if youre not into playing the links or taking swings at a regular range .
__label__neg  a case of style over  .  is flavorless and everything else over spiced . super  portions for the  .   and cheese served  . bleh .
__label__pos ever since the elite event at orange theory ive been looking for any excuse to  back and  at flower child . nna long three months later the opportunity presented itself on my way back from some meetings.nnyeah its that  .  sourced food made with love . nnyou order at the counter and are given a number . nntake a seat anywhere the staff will find you and your  even if you go on the patio nnsince i had been craving the mediterranean salad with a healthy portion of salmon i didnt try something new . nnits the perfect blend of greens tomatoes onions cucumber  beans and lightly dressed with feta and an oregano vinaigrette . nnthis is what i love about flower child simple ingredients are the star on their own  being drowned out in cheeses or sauces . nnalso the seasonal apple cider lemonade was phenomenal . was not expecting that combination to work nncant wait to  the rest of the menu .
__label__pos je tenais vraiment u00e0 oublier ma premiu00e8re expu00e9rience de service u00e0 la clientu00e8le de la semaine passu00e9e donc jy suis retournu00e9e hier ... et ce matin.nquelle diffu00e9rence jai eu droit u00e0 un service u00e0 la clientu00e8le exemplaire et dun bonjour  employu00e9s sauf de celle qui sest occupu00e9e de moi la semaine derniu00e8re mais bon . peutu00eatre ne saitelle pas sourire . nnles moulins  fayette mu00e9rite entiu00e8rement ses quatre  maintenant je nen mets pas cinq car selon moi les prix sont un peu u00e9levu00e9s mu00eame si je sais que oui nous sommes dans le vieux montru00e9al et que les prix sont semblables dans tous les cafu00e9s du  .
__label__pos   the water damaged  on my laptop perfectly and in good time and for a very good  . when i went to pick up my laptop he also have me a   for any other repairs i may need in the future . i wont go  else for laptop  hes the best
__label__neg 22 for a bowl of ramen on the strip i get it its the strip and you pretty much pay a  mark up on everything . nni went in expecting to have a hearty sized bowl of ramen . what came out was a shock to me . the noodle soup was served in a tiny ricemiso soup bowl . the taste was okay at best . that  was  skewed by the size of the bowl as one  eats with their eyes first . i really should have walked out but i was so hungry . nni left the  establishment almost as hungry as when i walked in . i spoke to my  and someone i believe to have been the manager . all they did was apologize and sympathize about the portion and pricing . it would have been nice if they offered us something  to eat on the house . nni might have understood if this restaurant was in a higher end resort but it was at the monte carlo . youve been  .
__label__neg maybe 2.5 stars . i have experienced better from a martinijazz bar . on a saturday night sydneys was way  . we sat on the sofas to the right of the entrance doors where theres a small partitionwall that keeps anyone sitting there from seeing the band for a good 35 minutes before anyone came over to ask for our drink orders . i actually got up to go to the  a couple of times not being able to get the bartenders attention to order a drink and get a menu . there was a waitress who walked by our group of 6 many times to a table behind us to service them without ever looking our way . we finally were able to order drinks and it took another 30 minutes to get our drinks . martinisjuice with a splash of liquor so i always stick to my regular tonic . cant speak to the specialty martinis personally but my guest noted that they were just ok. i ordered the chicken quesadillas and they were actaully pretty good for whay they were . two of my guest ordered a bottle of wine to split . after the wine was poured it was  on the table . isnt a bottle of winechampagne usually kept chilled in a bucket no big deal our waitress nicole was  about the wines and cocktails on the menu and that was a good thing . after we were asked if we wanted a second round of drink we never saw our waitress again amd had to wait for a while to get our checks . the band was good cant remember their name . would i  back probably not .
__label__neg i cant . i just cant . this place will not be around for long if the owner does not figure out the  meaning behind a local restaurant . i dont write very many 1star reviews unless my experience was truly horrible see for yourself by checking out my stats . nnmy 3 foodie friends and i came here around 630 and the place was almost empty . bad sign number 1. nnour waiter started apologizing for their poor paper menu and that it was because they were still testing out dishes ... 8 weeks after opening their doors . i get that i do . but this wouldnt have been so essential to my dining experience if not for everything else youll read here . bad sign number 2.nnone of my girlfriends ordered the sweet potato fries right off the bat and another got their jalapeno poppers . as soon as the fries were passed by my face to my friend i immediately knew they were extremely bad . they looked beyond done ... almost burnt to a crisp . i cant even believe they were served . the  or owner or even the waiter should have stopped them right at the kitchen door . sweet potato fries shouldnt be brown . she did ask for them to be taken back very politely actually . bad sign number 3.nnthe vibe of this place is publike or almost like a brewery . even the menu had a pub type of fare . yet there was a sriracha lime tilapia dish as well as some gourmet sounding bruschetta . hmph . interesting weird really . we ordered our food my sweet potato fry friend got her beer citrus shrimp another got the bruschetta and an order of the mixed chips while my jalapeno popper friend got fish n chips and i got their tilapia . the first two dishes came out fairly quickly . but my friend immediately said the citrus dip wasnt citrusy at all and my other friend made a face as she told us the bruschetta bread was downright gross . it was not toasted and had a weird taste ... doesnt sound like bruschetta to me . her mixed chips werent mixed and were insanely greasy . there was actually a pool of grease at the bottom of the basketbowl . bad sign number 4 5 and 6. nnmy other friend and i continued to wait for our dishes for 5 minutes 10 minutes 15 minutes . suddenly i felt sick to my stomach fairly certain it was from the one jalapeno popper and i dont blame this on the restaurant at all . tmi but this is necessary information for bad sign number 100 below . the waiter brought out a plate of fries and ketchup and told us he wanted us to munch on something while we waited . he didnt exactly apologize for the wait or anything though . none of us ate them because we were starting to get grossed out by the food at this point.nnour food finally came out about 20 minutes later . the cod were very small for 12 and my tilapia didnt look appetizing at all for 12 or 14. sort of a bad presentation . but i didnt eat it because i didnt want to tempt fate with my stomach . so i asked our waiter if i could have a box ... not telling him it was because of an upset stomach he didnt need to know about that . he never brought it out ... bad sign ... i lost count of bad signs by this time . nnten minutes later a man silently walked up to our table and proceeded to stand above us and just stare . my cod friend and i stopped our conversation after about a minute and looked up at him . he didnt say anything just stared . so finally 1 of us inquired why he was there . he awkwardly asked if we needed anything else in the most condescending and rude way . i was  and felt insanely unwelcome . i  him i needed a box for my food . i dont know if he assumed its because i wasnt happy with my food or what but he walked away rolling his eyes and scoffing . excuse me what in the hell i would have got up and walked out right then and there without paying if i had driven my own car.nnit only  weirder from there . i continued to watch the owner go to a couple other tables smiling and being somewhat friendly . what did we exactly do to this guy to make him be so rude to us we werent being rude at all . but we do know he was aware there was some unhappiness happening at our table . nnthroughout all of this the waiter hardly  came over and the managerowner never really did come over to apologize for the poor service mistakes made on the food nothing nni am a  supporter of local restaurants and love them to death but with poor service like this and poor food this place should not be in business . i see a lot of reviewers love the beer selection and the owner seems to be very knowledgeable and friendly about those beers . so maybe he should open a microbrewery or something along those lines since the whole food part seems to make him unhappy and cranky . you cant treat customers like this and expect us to return or spread a good word about you . customer service is number 1 and they have a  to improve on . i will never return
__label__pos stopped by after reading darrens review . unfortunately that bbq has close but ... a new place has already opened in its place . was talking with our server and he said they opened on  4. the previous bbq that was in this location was only open about one to two months and closed . the building  worked with swhinery to open up . nnwww.facebook.comtheswhinerynnthe bar area does allow smoking not including the smoke from the smoked  . the restaurant in the  room is nonsmoking . nnswhinery bbq has won awards at many bbq cook offs up and down the  coast . check out their facebook page and  at the banners on the side of the building.nnthe food is good . the blackened tuna with sesame had some nice flavors and definitely had sesame favor was cooked perfectly and was a great meal . the ribs are good . the ribs come with the swhinery bbq sauce that is a little sweet but has some sharpness . there is a hot swhinery bbq sauce that i preferred . also a mustardy carolina sauce is available . was surprised at the variety on the menu .
__label__neg        is just meh for me and not the 5star experience that everyone else seemed to enjoy did you . came in around 1115am and the spot was empty . like 0 people in there . 0. i was aiming for a light meal but there were signs for shawarma outside and im weak for the stuff so i went for a shawarma wrap with a side of potato salad and then grabbed a turkey panini to eat later in the day . nnill make this quick bc its friday and i know you gots some partying to do ... the wrap wasnt cut so i had a shawarma burrito that was eh . i was confused the entire time on whether it was ok or not . the potato salad consisted of diced potatoes but no mayo to tie em together . so yea just a bunch of dry potatoes . the panini was ok. turkey cheese let tom on some nice bread ... . but they put it in a box with an israeli salad which leaked all over it making the bread soggy as hell and an openfaced panini for moi . overall  . i wouldnt return .
__label__pos this is my new favorite place for mexican food . you can tell immediately that the ingredients are  and of the highest  . the recipes definitely have a more personal and traditional taste than the cookie cutter offerings that you get from the chain stores like chipotle and qdoba . theres also a really casual and friendly vibe that make you feel welcomed . im a  proponent of  local businesses and when you have a  like this that obviously cares about their product and  about their clients its really easy to do . this is my friday night  .
__label__pos i went here on wednesday completely unaware that it was ladies night which makes drinks and glasses of wine 12 off . it would be rather  though without the 12 off . for  the  wine flight is 21 but they do special promotions many  . tuesday is wine tasting and thursday is 12 off bottles night . i sat at the  and the bartenders were attentive and fun . they changed out my wine  every time i  a different wine . i have no other word for the caprese than perfect the balsamic reduction was fabulous whenever im up in phoenix i am definitely coming back . i cant  to try out their wine tasting .
__label__neg dirty dirty dirty . close to work and was excited about . new place . been 3 timesim a believer in 2nd and 3rd chances but order always got screwed up waiters are overwhelming and continually interrupt while you are eating complimentary bread is actually slivers if the bread top and they  one per person with no refills you do have the option to buy more apparently . but most importantly the  of the place is y i wont  . in the booth by the window on the south side there were dead bugs old food  crayons and other things i couldnt identify which looked like they had been there for months not to  the dust . i can handle the occasional mixed up order the bad service and the constant interruption but i can not get past the bug thing . when i brought it to their attention they  and said they would  care of it but on my  visit a week later nothing had been touched . will not be going back . i gave it a fair shot 3 times . too bad because most of the food was pretty good .
__label__neg my  told me that this place was ok. i wanted to try it out for myself . the food was not great at all . it was all very bland tasting the pho thai dishes all of it . we wanted to try the papaya  but the lady who makes it was not there that day . i dont think i would come back and i would not recommend it to others . i only gave it two stars because the service was really good . i guess when you go to an asian restaurant and there are no   eating there that shouldve been another clue to go   . the only pros i can think of are the cute name  and  service .
__label__pos lots to eat . giant burgers with lots of  . i couldnt find the cheese and thought that it needed nore carmelized  . took a long time to get my onion rings but the manager  it because the first  burnt and my dinner came out with it . they were huge and very good i recommend too as suggested to get milkshakes with the burgers . i got the burnt almond one . it had a little too much whipped cream but was enjoyable . place had   tables for a weeknight and the popularity . glad i ordered burger pink and red . mine was medium rare to rare and  must be raw . nbased on the reviews i expected the best burger ever . it was large but didnt have the flavor . i couldnt taste the seasoning or the bbq sauce . i would like to  it again . i think the chef had a bad day .
__label__pos you want some soup salad or a sandwich come on in to the zupe  thats often how i refer to cafe zupas ... ..to myself . im pretty sure that 98 of people who go  the try 2. you have to choose a 2 out of the 3 choices those choices being soup salad or sandwich . their deserts are also scrumptious . my personal favorite is the million dollar bar giant chocolate  coconut  graham crackers chopped nuts and all the love that a grandmother can give . if youre feeling extra fancy you can order chocolate fondue its made from lindt chocolate . its so delicious youll want to lick the  clean ive almost done this on every occasion unfortunately i have a wife who says  frowns upon it . catering is a service they provide as well . ive never had it so youll have to ask  else . in conclusionits derlicious yes that r is meant to be there . i can always find something to fill my hunger at the local cafe zupas .
__label__neg  food but very bad   . the management was not helpful and didnt  to   happy . management  better  on servicing their customers .
__label__pos   and   . ive    the menu now and have not been disappointed yet .
__label__neg very long wait i get it youre new . it seems like drive thru staff at window dont pay attention . they tried to send me on my way without giving me  my order . ni ordered an iced mocha that came completely unstirred . what i ended up with was a mouthful of chocolate syrup because the milkespresso was all on  with a pile of chocolate on the bottom . what drive thru doesnt stir drinks yeah thats what we want to do open a drink in our car and try to stir chocolate syrup into a cold beverage ... nthe sandwich was good though very  compared to  like wildflower bread co. and paradise bakery . also the tuna to mayodressing ratio seems to be off . i  like i got a sandwich that was mostly mayo . i dont think ill return for that . nall in all 11 bucks after tax for a coffee drink and a sandwich . that price seems high for what i received after a  loooonnnnggg wait . i think i would rather  elsewhere .
__label__pos a perfect dinner experience in a  hotel . i would have never expected that kind of restaurant within the  hotel . i sat at the bar with full menu . the staff is super friendly . stephanie took care of me and made  a super pleasant experience . nthe bread called popovers are phenomenal . they even give you a little card with the recipe . i started with tuna tartar . that came on ice with a super tasty yet slightly spicy sauce . then i had the dry  bone in new york strip steak . omg . that char was tasty and cooked to perfection . huge portion . i wasnt able to finish the bruxelles sprouts . those tasted like my   to make them . i must admit . this place is a gem in a old place . will be  for  .
__label__neg a  can not  quality steak which is unacceptable .  of the steak was made   edible . although the   the  from the check but the dinner and the whole night were ruined . just so disappointed .
__label__pos  the    fantastic   sandwiches of good portion . served with a   strawberry .
__label__neg sooooooooooo disappointed . i was so exited about a new breakfast place  in the neighborhood and i was thoroughly let down . nnpoints to notenroast potatoes as listed on the menu are not the same as overly salted and dillfilled lumpy mush potatoes and i usually love salt dill and mush more than most.ndecaf coffee and regular coffee should be served at the same hot temperature.npancakes should not be gluey messes.neggs shouldnt be rubbery.neverything is an extra coffee was not included etc ... n20 is too much to pay for a good plate of eggs much less a shy one.neven if your server doesnt speak your language they should be gracious about it . especially in a angloheavy neighborhood like the concordia ghetto.n restaurants should offer you something as compensation for mistakes or lousy  not make excuses or justifications.nthere was almost nothing on the menu my vegan friend could eat inbuttered toast and fruit just about covered it . even the potatoes said may contain lard . nni would give this no stars if i could or  negative stars . never going back again.nnonly positive the fruit bowl was beautiful expensive and beautiful .
__label__neg on the  side the coffee was very  and they tried to  us away from air conditioning vents . the place was freezing . nneverything else not so much . one order of biscuits and gravy . gravy was not hot and had nothing in it but way way too much salt .  were more like dumplings in that they were not cooked thru so that they were doughy.nni ordered the fall special pumpkin pancakes . they came with a huge dollop of  cream and something yellowish that was way too sweet .  i only ate one . within the hour i was rushing for the facilities . hmmm . guess we wont be going back .
__label__pos i  here at  once a  . the portions are very generous and the  is outstanding . i usually  the  and chicken  and it is always great . service is quick and  .
__label__pos killer foodie  and a beer lovers  . great service cool     specials and i can  home if i over  .
__label__pos i had heard this establishment was coming to the trader joes and changing hands shopping center so i was excited to see it had opened when i went to do my monthly tj shopping this weekend and decided to give it a try.nnfirst great decor and friendly staff . i  right at the bar and was glad to see a number of local beers on tap . i ordered a hopshock  and it was served on a wonderfully  beer glass perfect for the summer in addition i went for the classic the margherita  9 and added the proscuitto for 3 more.nni like that you can see them backing the pizza from the dining area and it is a wood fired oven . interesting that they add the basil fresh chopped on top versus baking it with the cheese and sauce and it did  a nice fresh herb taste to the overall pizza.nnive never been to the old location and have nothing to compare it to and for me this establishment is a nice addition to the overall  . i can certainly see myself going back again for lunch on a weekend and for me extremely convenient location as it is near so many other great places in this   .
__label__neg as fans of small business in general and as a local business owner myself my wife and i could not wait for va da  to open . the fact that they were setting up inside the park road shopping center a favorite area of ours since we are only 1 mile up the road was just a   . for the past 8 weeks i have made it my mission to introduce everyone in my office to vadavie and  have made sure to make a  for gelato a must when relatives have been in town . usually i can count on the smiling face and warm greeting from the male owner which has more than made up for the cold shoulder you get from the female owner who is always there . nntonights experience turned the usual cold shoulder and kicked it up a few notches as my wife walked in past 800pm 812pm to be exact as the door was still open and there were still people in line ordering and  women  enjoying their gelato inside just what a new small business would like right instead she received a very snarky i better lock the door or else people will just keep coming in from the female owner followed by the comment well im not going to turn you away now after my wife asked if she should leave . wow what a reception to give when you are trying to start up a small business what a problem to have people lining out the door to buy some of your product and they are greeted with this poor attitudenngreat gelato but will not return based on the principle . from one small business owner to  this is not the way to build a successful business .
__label__neg i have had my car washed here once before and was very impressed with the level of detail that the guy took with the interior . as a result i chose to return with my car for an . interior detailed specifically . ni explained that i wanted to have the carpets cleaned and the interior cleaned thoroughly . the vehicle is only two years old so this isnt a difficult task . i dropped the vehicle off and was told it would take an hour and a half to  hours . 45 minutes later i received a phone call  me my vehicle was done.nwhen i arrived it took only a moment to discover that the interior had hardly been touched . they had wiped down my leather seats with some shiny substance and touched nothing else . the guy had the audacity to ask me if the job was acceptable ni politely explained that obviously there was some type of miscommunication and that my vehicle was not complete . i pointed out  obvious areas that established the vehicle still needed to be vacuumed the dash  needed to be wiped down there nwere drip spots on the console where the straw in my drink had  fluid and dried . nas they began the process of actually cleaning my vehicle the bullshit  began . these guys actually suggested that they chose not to armor all my wheels and extra that i had been charged for specifically because it stains the wheels over time ridiculousnin the end i was charged 80 for an interior detail with carpet cleaning the majority of which was never done . total  artists stay away
__label__pos i  this  friendly staff and delicious food very  too . i got the turkey  ranch sub ...   make  to try some of their house sauce with your  delish
__label__pos love this  . best  . best  .   .  stars every visit . we  here once a week .  for everyone
__label__pos this is handsdown the  frozen yogurt place ive  been to . the yogurt flavors arent too tart and they have a  great taste theyre also organic . the staff is super friendly theres an abundance of toppings the store is  very  and they give a discount to police officers . this was a  place to stumble upon .
__label__neg oh goodness . really wished the new  was going to change the service and maybe the menu or at least add some wow flavor to it . i dont want to knock grandmas recipes but ... meh . so much space and now an actual bar still not  properly . the chicken is from costco or sams  which is fine but do something with it the mixed veggies were also from either establishment and totally bland as well . cmon man . nnthe chef came out to a couple tables but not ours or i wouldve asked if there was going to be any updates coming hopeful thinking . doesnt  to have kept the old  crowd from showing up but if thats the crowd youre aiming for then fine but why move farther away from macdonald ranch nnprotip update the menu and  . dont purchase your ingredients from costco . nnalso to the plate splitting charge ... . make the dishes bigger then and only then should you be  to enforce a plate splitting charge .
__label__neg this is a bit different review then the rest . nnwe  it out for a christmas party for our group . they had drinks food space and music . it was a great space the food was actually amazing truffle fries mini burgers stuffed mushrooms and more . the food was replenished often and kept warm on hot plates.nnit was a drink ticket night i am cool with that but the  was insanely conservative . by the way i used to serve at the races in january so i  the deal . i felt like he added a thimble of booze to each drink he would take a empty plastic glass at least pour into a  glass and pour a bit of booze into my glass . not as many people showed up so most people had many extra tickets . needless to say i was sober even though i had a sober driver.nncome on add a tiny bit of extra booze not just to the line and if you are worried about your bosses getting mad . my  bartending experience is you pour your drinks over ice to make it  like there is more not into an   when my mind stays sober . mind over matter ...
__label__neg  there on a thursday  . pool room was filled but restaurant  was empty .  to get a drink at both bars and had to wait very very  each  . it even took 10  just to close out . probably not coming back  soon
__label__pos       . fun  tapas style to share if you are having lunch . i didnt have dinner there yet but it is on my list of places for dinner . being that i am a big fan of kerry simon i cant say one thing negative . it was good food reasonably priced and  atmosphere . we sat at the bar that surrounded the prep area . i would definitely recommend this to the tourist visiting the area as well as the locals .
__label__neg when this place first opened my husband friends and i really enjoyed it . the food was great especially the macaroni and cheese . the atmosphere was what youd expect when going to a nice dinner out . however i am not sure what has happened in the last few months . apparently due to a change in management they have cut their menu down drastically  away some of the better options including the macaroni and cheese and salmon blt . big mistake . we ordered the 2 for 20 which is a little misleading on menu . youre thinking you get two pizzas plus two salads but you only get one pizza which in some cases is not even  as better dealthan just ordering individually . definitely not worth the  . we spent 29 with tip for a tiny pizza two very small salads and my husbands iced tea . i wouldnt have necessarily minded that if the pizza was really good but it was not . it was just average . we were left  and very disappointed . also we went on a wednesday expecting to find a nice quiet place to eat . instead they had half of the restaurant  off with a dj playing loud music for what im assuming was to be some sort of private party eventually . however there were only the dj and a couple people over there during the time we were having dinner . seems like a waste to have someone preparing so early  music so loud that we couldnt even hear each other speak . this place had more of a sports bar feel with italian food . if youre drinking then youll probably be ok with the mediocre food . however if you want a  dinner we suggest you go somewhere else . we had thought that this place was going to become one of our new favorites until new management came in and changed it for the worse . the food is not as good the options are few and the atmosphere has gone downhill . we definitely wont be going back and we will make sure to warn our  and family as well .
__label__neg i ordered the korean steak quesadillas . generous in  but sad in flavor . i am a huge fan of korean  cooking  aside from kimchi . however this place realy  short for me . i was really expecting an amazing flavor from the food . instead i was met with slightly seasoned steak . i had a small pile of lettuce  kim chi and sweet and spicy sauce in  to the three quesadillas.nni really have nothing terrible to say however i have nothing  to rave about . it just tasted like an average grilled quesadilla.nnbring cash they prefer it . very few people pay with card so the line  fast .
__label__neg  to zipps today to get some beer and food after a great game of golf . was extremely disappointed . after arriving our  too almost 30 minutes to get for our entire table . i understand we had a  table of 15 but how long can it take . from there it took  minutes to receive our food . our longest food item was pizza which took 30 minutes yet it still took that long to get everything out . our food was cold which did not sit well with everyone . finally when discussing this with their manager she did not provide any relief beyond more zipps bucks . im not sure who you are but this does not help not cunt towards making day . my group was not the nicest but even though i handled the  there was no resolve . this was the  service ever and i do not  anyone going there again . i would hope a business like this cared about their  vs. ruining their outing . cheers
__label__pos well my faith in claim jumpers has restored we had a  function today serving our local support team . our appetizers came out before our meal and we were  adequate time to eat then before the arrival of our entrees . we were  fresh baked bread along with our  which as a very pleasant surprisenwe pretty all  the chicken pot  which came very recommended by colleagues ... and it was  deserved . it was very large and extremely 
__label__pos tru00e8s bon restaurant en plein coeur de centropolis . nncest parfait pour partager un repas u00e0 plusieurs . tel un  libanais vous aurez droit u00e0 diffu00e9rentes puru00e9es que vous pourrez du00e9guster avec un pita . nous avions un plateau pour 2 et cu00e9tait suffisant pour 2 si ce nu00e9tait mu00eame pas trop . donc si vous avez une petite faim prenez un plateau pour 2 u00e0 3 personnes.nndu hummus de la puru00e9e de piments et beaucoup dautres classiques libanais.nnensuite nous avons eu droit u00e0 un plateau de la mer et un plateau de la terre . chacun des plateaux pourraient nourrir une armu00e9e complu00e8te . des brochette de filet mignon poulet caille et lu00e9gumes grillu00e9es . pour le plateau de la mer il y a du saumon des u00e9crevisses et  tru00e8s bonne pu00e9toncles il parau00eet.nnbref    du centropolis et un  pit stop apru00e8s une journu00e9e complu00e8te u00e0 faire des activitu00e9s lu00e0bas .
__label__neg 1 wordnghettonninstead of mopping up a spill i witnessed several employees  through it . 12 the  playing  while watching how to reload the soda machine . a  full of people why in the hell sis my order take so long aint  in the  room or the  thru .
__label__neg id  2.5  . decent but odd dining room . food is better than the looks of the place would lead you to believe . nif youre just interested in good  this place will  the bill . if youre looking for more of an experience then another place may be   for what you are  for .
__label__pos the  whiskey is my favorite  at this restaurant looking forward to more choices of this style the food is  food with some twists however the exemplary  is what  this  stand out look out  theres a new  to choose .
__label__pos uber fresh and delishnni always sit at the bar and talk to the owner . if the fish  fresh they  have it . uni is from santa barbara . they get toro in usually too . they are  locations in the same plaza.nnmth they have happy hour all 
__label__neg i dont know if we went on an off night i have read other reviews from the night we went that complained about the service as well . but to say i was underwhelmed with bazaar meat is an understatement . when we walked in i was blown away . its a dark and very  looking place . there is a small casino to your left as you walk in . i cant believe other restaurants havent thought of this its such a fantastic idea . ive seen them in  but not restaurants . waiting for your table how about dropping a hundred at roulette nnthe hostesses were very friendly and we were seated right away . we had drink orders taken very quickly . so far so good . this place is really an assault on the senses . there are smells from the grilling the music is loud there are alligator heads on the wall and employees everywhere . the kitchen is very busy and you can see most of it from the seating area . our server started off friendly and stayed friendly but he also stayed away from our table . this is one of the reasons i am giving 2 stars . as the meal wore on he was nowhere to be seen . it took nearly a half hour to get our check . also a table 2 tables from us remained unbussed for over 20 minutes . i know you are crowded its a new hot restaurant on the strip but these are issues that shouldnt happened at a place of this caliber charging what they charge . most telling two in my party ordered cocktails when we sat down . the glasses remained on the table after they were completed empty for the entire 2.5 hour meal . this would have been an easy fix yet there they remained . it became kind of a joke with us to see how long they would last . spoiler alert they were on the table when we left . for all i know they still are.nnas other yelpers  the menu is not your typical steakhouse . it was described to us as a steakhouse meets a tapas place . i would agree this is a spot on description . we started with the iberico ham the best ham in the world . for 70 you dont even get 2 ounces see my picture but its the best ham in the world . i never regret buying this stuff and it was no different at bazaar meat . it is served with crustinis with tomato spread on them sort of a spanish bruschetta . the whole thing is fantastic highly recommended but it aint cheap folks . we next went with the chicken croquettes . you get 56 per order for 12 and they were fantastic . fried perfectly and lots of bu00e9chamel flavor . loved these things i could have easily eaten another order . nna couple at our table ordered the famous foie gras cotton candy . i didnt try it they ate it so quickly . i regretted getting one but we had other things on our mind ... .nnlike the steaks . unfortunately they were out of the lindsay ranch ribeye which of course id had my eye on since  the reservation . as a result we went with the mishiwa reserve which is 65 a pound . supposedly our steak weighed 2.5 pounds . now i dont carry a scale with me to dinner but there is no way this thing weighed 40 ounces . but we were hungry and we ate it rather than complaining . we did point it out to our server but he said he had no way of knowing since we started eating . hes absolutely right but we still werent happy with the size of this steak . i dont know maybe the bone weighs in at 22 ounces or something . also this is the worst dry aged steak ive eaten . it didnt have the depth of flavor you expect with dry aging . additionally it wasnt adequately seasoned . this was a fairly big error on such an expensive steak at a restaurant like this . we ate the steak because we were hungry and paid an arm and a leg for it but we werent happy.nnwe also tried the quarter of a suckling pig . now were talking this thing was as advertised juicy flavorful with that great crispy skin . we got as much meat off of the thing as we could but all of us could have used more . nnfor sides we went with the delmonico potatoes asparagus and carrots . all were good the potatoes were almost too decadent if such a state exists . the asparagus is small but it was cooked well . i could have used more flavor from the romesco sauce . the carrots with pepper and  yogurt was probably the table favorite . id absolutely get this dish again.nnwe were given a small plate of desserts gratis at the end of our meal . they like the  of the meal were hit and miss.nnoverall id say this is an ambitious and unique addition to the fine dining scene in las vegas . i dont know if we went on a bad night as noted above ive seen at least one other review that dined the night we did november 15  that complained about the service . i also know restaurants grow and even the best places have issues . but for what we paid a lot of the things are close to inexcusable . id return but not for a long time and i will definitely bring a scale ... .
__label__pos    and   the  and   is good . loved the siu mai sampler the hot noodles are great and loved the taiwanese shaved ice .
__label__pos cant wait to return nnstaff was beyond friendly helpful and   rio could take a  . nnthe process was simple and quick . next thing you know we have our own personal pizzas fresh  and a drink for  for only 11.95 cant beat that . we can not  to return .
__label__pos   and    with   .  the refilling on beverage could be better . otherwise id go back regularly . oh make sure you take out the jalapeu00f1o in the sandwich if you dont like too much heat .
__label__pos some of the best vietnamese food ive  in charlotte . definitely the  bahn mi pork sandwich it had an amazing fresh baked  on the outside  on the inside  with fresh cilantro cucumber jalapeu00f1o daikon radishes basil carrots and bean sprouts on top of delicious marinated crispy grilled pork slices . if youve never had bahn  before do yourself a favor and  here and order the pork sandwich you wont be disappointed . plus it is filling but not real heavy so perfect for lunch at work . the pho was also very good and the chicken fried  was amazing . cant really say anything bad about this place . the restaurant itself is really clean and new and the upstairs seating is very spacious . eat here
__label__pos i first read about bri on yelp . i was intrigued by their motto . doing beer research one pint at a time . this turned out to be not entirely true since they have a sampler 4 pack so you can find the beer on their menu that you like .  i really liked the citrana out of tucson which is described as a wild sour ale . the bartender jesse asked what type of beers i liked when i first sat down . i wasnt helpful in  her much but she picked 4 distinct  to give me a good choice for a second beer . nni  tried the silly cheese steak . the menu claims it is silly good . it was excellent as were the crispy fries that accompanied it . the steak was thinly  and there were crisp peppers and melted provolone cheese covering the steak . the roll was soft and tasty though i would prefer a  roll . nnthe only problem i had was finding the place . it is near the amc theaters on stapley . but i was expecting a  alone building like the chain restaurants in that plaza . it is in the plaza building near the starbucks . it was definitely worth looking for.nni recommend you conduct your own research and remember to  good service with a good tip .
__label__pos great place to hangout with many amenities around the  and country plaza . great and friendly customer  with  treating everyone with first   weather its the   or frequent customer . complimentary coffee and water is a  too
__label__pos i stumbled upon this place because my cousin told me we should try it . we always have been going to monta since it was one of the places for  that we liked . the only problem with them that it is way too salty for my taste plus the place was so tiny i felt so claustrophobic . i am not one for cramped spaces . nnmy husband is an especially picky eater especially with  food but he loves this . i think he finally found a place that he can not get sick of . they offer such a variety of food that you can not go wrong . i love the ambiance of the  . very cozy and casual.nnthe staff is on point when it comes to  our drinks . that is one of my biggest peeves is when the servers do not fill my drinks on a timely manner but they do and i love it they are seriously on point when it comes to greeting  when we first come in . nnmy usual order is the tonkotsu asari . thank you btw for not making salty . i have a sensitive palatte so i am glad that you are able to add flavor without making me an enormous amounts of water . my husband gets the tonkotsu spicy which he makes  hot . it looks delicious but i do not do spicy foods . i think you guys made me a lover for the takoyaki octopus balls and the pork chashu bowl . yum nnthis is definitely a place that we can  with our friends and family . my husband cousin and i are going to be regulars here . people should seriously try this place out . i can not rave enough about this place .
__label__pos i had close to a  inch crack in my front windshield . initially took it to safelite and the  to replace the entire windshield was pretty high . i shopped  yelp and found mikes who quoted me roughly 100 less than safelite so i gave him a try . nni had no problems scheduling the appt which i later had to reschedule . he was very accommodating to my schedule . there was no extra charge for him to  out to my  and replace my windshield . its been  weeks and ive found no issues with the  . would highly recommend .
__label__pos so excited to be close to a  again . their produce is wonderful and inexpensive . love the music playing from speakers in the parking lot . i was pleasantly surprised to see how large this store is . many checkout lanes as well . nthey were  sushi right in the store and the  looked top notch . had to  some . yum also got some frozen beef tamales as recommended by   . they were amazing besides the veggies i love their bulk spices . i found those over by the baking aisle on an end cap . along with spices they also had a few different loose  . very affordable . ncant  to come here again next week
__label__neg i  to place an order for delivery and the   stated we have a 30 minimum and you have to place the  through  hub and then hung up .  on  a  before ever even earning one .
__label__pos      and   . the  down best potatosald and some of the best chicken chill soup around .
__label__neg this place is the stereotypical cheesy car lot . we had a real nice salesman ruben who was pleasurable to deal with and had plenty of patience with us . we mentioned we were just looking but he said a sales manager wanted to talk to us . it turned out we had to  with two pushy sales manager who  to get us in a  new car we didnt  that much to begin with . they could not comprehend the words we are not buying anything today and needed to talk more about it . they found a way to push us to the point where if they had the last  lot in town the  would be a better option . not worth dealing with this dealership with there being  of other  in the valley .
__label__neg    die  sind   .  sie mal in einem gespru00e4ch mit einem kunden schieben sich auch gern andere kunden beiseite  sich grad fu00fcr das selbe produkt interessieren und im weg stehen . nur hingehen wenn man genau weiu00df was man will .
__label__neg one two three strikes youre outnnlets just talk about last nights dinner i really wanted to love this place but it just wasnt working out . maybe it was the ripe sewer smell as soon as you walk in johnny rockets at westgate also has this issue or maybe it was the lack of hot tea on a super cold december evening ... i like to attribute it to the fact that they overuse the orange sauce and unagi sauce on everything . nnit wasnt just a few artsy swirls of the orange sauce and unagi sauce . they absolutely drench it . you can dive in with scuba gear maybe i didnt notice that i wasnt ordering a wide array of items but i swear almost  i saw on the menu had the same sauce combo . eating the firecracker jalapeu00f1os the mexican roll and the kamikaze roll felt and tasted the same to me . the only real difference between the two rolls was that the mexican had peppers on top with cooked salmon yes cooked and imitation crab while the kamikaze had avocado on top with spicy tuna and tempura shrimp inside . other than that it felt like we had three of the same dishes since the sauce was so overwhelming . thinking back to it is seriously making me feel a little queasy.nnthe tacos here are pretty decent and we ended up ordering edamame on the side to help switch up the taste after eating so much orange and unagi sauce .  i said maybe they do have more variety and we didnt see any but i dont think ill be back to test this theory . portions are pretty generous and you can at  ask for easy sauce but its your poison if you choose to dine here . too many great places to eat to just settle for saucedrenchedeverything . service here could also be a little  considering when we went we were just one of three tables.nn27 each for 2 ppl including tip for  firecracker jalapeu00f1os  rolls three tacos and an iced tea .
__label__pos what a fantastic new restaurant this area really needs a place like this i was with my family walking down glendale ave when we ran into the owner tom . he came up and  talking to us about his new place down the street . he was so friendly so we  had to check this new place out . what an excellent decision it was immediately  entering i saw the copper mugs and knew they served moscow mules . tom told us about their house made  infused vodka for the moscow mules and we quickly ordered 3. extremely well crafted and absoloutely delicious i could have easily down 3 of those since we were heading to haus murphys after our cocktails for dinner we only ordered an appetizer . we ordered the meatcheeseolive plate and wow oh wow it was only 10 and well worth it . 3 of us split it and it was a perfect snack with our moscow  the staff was incredibly friendly and talkative as well . tom gave us a tour of the restaurant as well . he showed us the original brick wall towards the back which was a very nostalgic touch to  in the place . the patio wasnt quite finished but it will be awesome once done love the beautiful  gate hopefully this new place gets the recognition it deserves and more people  to check this out glendale definitely needs a cool place like this tom made us feel so welcome and privileged too to be a part of this new establishment
__label__pos interesting addition to    it   back some life to the area . the atmosphere is great super casual but packed and lively . everyone is here to have a good time . nnthe bar tables are ridiculous . the concrete top is only inches larger than the barrel base so you can not sit under the table at all . you have to sit sideways at the table . if i had waited an hour and a half to get that table i would be pissed . fortunately we were sat at a hightop near the bar with regular seats . other than the grotesquely underestimated wait time the service was really good.nnthe tacos were  but out of the four we tried im not sure i would eat any of them again . for me the food to go  for is the baked cheese dip and the tostadas.nnthe cheese dip is not your standard mexican fare . it has an awesomely bruleed top but eat quickly or it will get stringy and hard and cold.nnthe potato tostada was fantastic served in a cold iron skillet with a bottom layer of dressed romaine salad it has two layers of fresh made crispy tostada shells . separated by beans and crispy potato cubes it has a great balance of flavor and texture . the green sauce on the table adds a lot to it . nndefinitely a good  to the restaurantbar scene .
__label__pos        pho soups in a well decorated dining area . this is the prettiest  place i have ever eaten where the taste of good food matches the decor so worth it if you want wonderful vietnamese food
__label__pos a true bakery its just not in my budget . nneverything here looks great . and the decor is neat and nice . i  if they had some music  customers would be inclined to linger at the lobby counter space with their treats . the  lighting is terrific . the  scone was sooo good i just love a scone with coffee in the morning . the  twinkie and its surprise berry filling is my absolute favorite . and dipped in chocolate too ... yum yum nnbut the prices were too high for me . i was looking for a quick treat after lunch and the goodies were too high in the 47 range . i realize quality comes at a cost . maybe if smaller cookiebar treats were offered at a smaller price point i would come back more often . ill have to build up some cash for the 7 small pies . looks delish
__label__neg visited today for lunch ... there were 7 of us . the food was just okay . i had a truffle burger and we all shared side items including french fries shoestring  that are horrible and cold a house pickle plate that includes a variety of pickled items  mushrooms beets  . also yuck and were supposed to share a  of fried  which were forgotten and never brought to the table . aside from the  food soda is served by the bottle so be prepared to shell out 3 for each 12 oz bottle you drink ... . and the  clincher on top of the 20 gratuity they automatically added to the bill they added an extra 20 service charge simply for being a party of  or more . nope sorry ... never again good luck surviving in sls where the hotel smell alone made me want to vomit
__label__neg  ser  y  esta muy caro . no es mi  en comida .  que a   guste en lo personal a  no
__label__pos great   .  to  to try   but it was closed . walked into cleo on a gamble . sat at the bar . great bartending staff .  the old hollywood cocktail if you like bourbon . each of the small plates were  . you can easily go into a food coma here . the shawarma was exceptional . ill be back . check it out
__label__neg packed up the kids and  down to try a   .  in the afternoon they said they would be open until  pm .  up at  pm and they said sorry we are  .
__label__neg i love their dj line up but i  how this club was designed . if anyone has been to light nightclub at the mandalay bay this club looks a  like it but  . their fog   off  too many times and its  for girls too i feel  they leave it on for 15 secs long . too much
__label__pos my family is from new york city and we were dying for some rice . we  love our rice we were driving around chinatown and just over looking some of the  and the chinatown plaza caught our eye so we parked our car and checked out some of the restaurants . nnothing on the ground floor interested us so we went up and  spicy city . it was pretty  inside only about  tables filled but the owner of the restaurant a very friendly and  man popped his head out and says please come try out the food its amazing my wife cooks it nnthis man did not lie . we had 4 dishes to share with a big pot of rice and soup . everything was delicious and this family owned business really hit the spot for my rice craving  . however the food is very well seasoned with pepper so anyone who isnt very good at eating spicy foods tell them to slow it down on the pepper cause this restaurants  up to its name . nni recommend asking the owner or his son for recommendations on the best foods for the night
__label__pos new to the area my husband and i have already hit the highest rated sushi places in  . and while many were good this by far is the very best we have hadnnnewly opened the restaurant is a good space . the front room looks small but theres another dining area in the back . it was quiet when we camea monday  before the dinner rush . we were seated given water and menus and had our order taken fairly quickly . miso soup came out right away.nnwe ordered the spicy tuna roll the yellow tail  and the hibachi chicken entree . both rolls came out together and let me say the fish is incredibly fresh the sushi was absolutely delicious . we were so happy with it we wanted to order more rolls just to take home with us . luckily we didnt because we ate the entire  chicken  . cleaned the plate it was so good . the staff was friendly and the owner came around and asked us and all the other diners how our dinner was.nnat the end of the meal the owner brought us our check and gave us each a hello kitty chocolate  . it might sound odd to mention it but to  it was a sign that the owner really cared about his customers . he wanted to make a lasting  impression . well he did . we plan on returning frequently .
__label__pos good place to go if you like  offered in places like  . the broth is  but the  could be better . i would highly  the bacon wrapped  mushroom as an appetizer . im glad to  a  like this open up in charlotte .
__label__pos friendly  .   . absolutely exhilarating fun  the ability to use critical  and problem  to play this  life  .
__label__neg vegetarian dont get a  filling burrito its filled with only  and rice then lettuce on side . the menu  guacomole but youll get  2 extra for it .  salad  les s room for  and more bang for your  .
__label__pos first time had   sauce over   pasta . toppings red roasted peppers and mushrooms ... then made critical mistake of paying 4 extra for 4 shrimp . the shrimp were sooo over cooked they cooked have bounced to the ceiling my daughters were the same way omit the shrimp and the  and the  were fabulous split a cannoli   it was good . not huge fan . service was great however we ate an early dinner so was not busy yet . she was very friendly . by the end of our dinner it was starting to get busy . service slacked a little . waited 15 mins . to come back and take check had to flag someone down to come take so we could pay and leave . nall in all i would go back many other tempting items on the menu
__label__pos thanks to asian sweet bakery i no longer need chicago to get my fix of coconut rolls bbq pork bun custard tarts or red bean sesame balls . dare i say it do i even need donuts anymore moreover their breakfast special and value pricing make me feel good about  back often . nni basically ordered everything i wanted to try during my first trip here things ive been missing and craving like steamed rice crepe with shrimp rice porridge with fish and preserved egg . the beef and vermicelli noodle soup was good too just a tad too much gristle . my hope is that they will expand or refresh the menu as business booms . space is  limited and it felt crowded by the cash  . we had to hover for a table during the saturday lunch rush but its hard to complain when you see a familyowned business selling the stuff you like doing  . nnservice was businesslike but pleasant . i was pleased to see a variety of customers from older to  folks international students to transplanted locals blue and white collar workers with quick turnaround all around . im hoping this popularity will translate into a larger  in the future but it may still be  yet .
__label__neg like my first  sex  forgettable this was public highschool cafeteriagrade ungoodness . nnthe only reason they got a second star was that the service was excellent cindy originally from montibello  was an absolute darling and they use real maple syrup for the waffles . nneverything  ... ... . prefer to pass . nnmeh to the  .
__label__neg i grew up in birmingham al and this was literally the worst bbq restaurant i have been to in my life 39 years . if you didnt  up with bbq please dont think that what they serve at pot liquor is bbq . even famous daves is better than this garbage.nnthe pulled pork was cooked at too high a temperature for too short a time so the  was hard and inedible and the fat and connective tissue didnt break down like it is supposed to making the interior meat also mostly inedible.nnthey serve what they call alabama sweet tea . to me it tasted like unsweetened tea . in the south sweet tea is extremely sweet . i understand toning it down a little bit for those not used to it but this was extremely bland . i complained and they brought me another glass from a different batch but it was the same.nntheir sauces have the nondescriptive names of cue 1 thru cue 4. i had to ask what they were . i  all of them and they were terrible . i think 4 was their alabama white sauce . instead of being a tangy thin white sauce that can penetrate down into the meat it was basically 98 mayonnaise with a little bit of seasoning . disgusting.nnthey couldnt get basics right and most of the rest of the menu consists of inappropriate fancy  of southern food.nexamples includenfried catfish benedict fried catfish should be able to  on its own . hollandaise sauce is completely inappropriate.ndevild eggs topped with deep fried chicken skin . the flavor of the skin completely overpowered the egg.nbrownie bread pudding bread pudding is already very sweet if made correctly and  is not an appropriate flavor combination . then they serve it with sea salt vanilla gelato . if you asked for sea  vanilla gelato in a real bbq place in the south they would laugh at you and probably throw you out.nfried pies this sounds pretty basic but the description says it is served with malted anglaise . what the hecknstrawberry shortcake sandwiches sounds pretty straight forward but it comes with strawberry cream gelato . again with the gelatonkansas city style burnt ends another staple . but they shake sugar in the raw over the top . the burnt ends were good but the sugar made the experience unpleasant . really you can put sugar on meat that shouldnt have it but you cant put it in your sweet teanni told them their chef needs to  alabama and learn how to make real southern food . they assured me that he had visited alabama and spent a whole 10 days there . you cant learn bbq in 10 days . good bbq chefs have spent well over 10 years learning to make it . pot liquor does not serve southern bbq or any southern dishes . i may try them again in a couple years if they havent gone out of business . perhaps by then they will have found a cook book and learned to make some actual southern food .
__label__neg  here for    food     and our service was aweful . she started off well and never followed through . i dont recommend it unless service improves .
__label__pos went to see rocky laporte here  years day and can say this is a great comedy venue its no hassle  structure extremely close by not overly  seating and a great looking place .  extremely important psa for this place is the food is awful . not that i  anything special but for those hoping of having a meal there think more airplane or microwave  than actual food for 1013 dollars a dish . with that being said this is a comedy club and not a  so thats why i dont hold that to my rating . special shout out  to kathleen the audience member rocky loved for this particular show .
__label__neg   different  3    meat balls   beers cocktails and white wine nothing is good . the only thing that is fine is the chicken flatbread . nthe server darius is attentive and friendly while others are not.nwill not come back unless i take my puppy here to enjoy their patio and open air .
__label__pos   . put your   on .   5. ermagawd . apparently that was an issue with other reviewers . carpool if it helps.nnready nownpreparednni had the delight of giggling like a kid tonight . we came in a large group and i was up front for a section . the people including spoilers in their reviews clearly dropped their ice cream . nnwhile coming as a large group is fun its even better to be broken into smaller groups . this way the mystery of what is around a bend is ... a mystery.nni got ta tell you nthere was screaming.nnsure everyone has their strengths . apparently im not afraid of the dark . who knew  me near someone in costume who looks like a doll one that follows you like a shadownni scream.nno shame there.ni swear she was eight.nnive never been a fan of scary movies . i cover my eyes the entire time . this was a different kind of fear . a mixture of the unknown group dynamics sound and beer . they serve that outsidennfantastic way to kick off halloweennnp.s . photos are not allowed . noutside by the bar and stage are ok .
__label__neg i tried the corn chowder soup with lump crab caesar salad and the fish of the day with fries . this was my first time here so i didnt know what to expect . i wasnt thrilled about any of the dishes .  was  nothing i would  out of my  for . the  salad was pretty tasteless . i didnt finish my salad because it wasnt good at all . the fries were overcooked and dried out as if they reheated old fries . the fish of the day was cooked nicely but too  seasoning for my  . i wont be itching anytime soon to return back here . the service was good . the manager checked up on us and the decor is modern and  . just wish the food was better .
__label__pos bought our wood flooring and tile from this store . bill spent 2 hours with us helping to select our wood floors and he was very helpful . i came back the next week and designed   with bill . he was amazing at putting flooring wall and  tiles  . we shopped for 4 hours straight filled 2 carts and then he meticulously loaded all the tile into my  . bill is talented joyful and first class all the way . this store is clean  and has a huge selection . the manager heather introduced herself and shook my hand . great customer service all the way . financing was a 5 minute procedure at a kiosk . take the amount you are approved for on the kiosk print out to the  when you check out . love the 0 for  months deal . dont waste your time at other stores . this is a one stop shop .
__label__neg  food . tacky  atmosphere . honestly ill  go back the   is   .
__label__pos my boyfriend and stopped in for a quick  so we just got coffee and pastries from the bar . i ordered a cappuccino maple bacon donut and a whoopie pie . the  and donut were delicious . we didnt really  the whoopie pie so i would skip it . it looked cute   the  was yummy and the  was super hip . i would totally  again .
__label__pos finally found a great   close to home .  service too    and hash and   french toast ... .yummo .
__label__neg do not buy from here nnthe worst possible customer service i have ever received . nnso i was told to get an ecig from this place by someone who had recently  one from them . been looking to quit smoking and my husband wanted one too . nso i went to the kiosk they have set up at az mills mall . i talked to the guy working there . we discussed what would work  for us and talked about prices . the one he was selling me was their most basic model . he told me they are normally  but would sell me 2 of them for 80. he said their juices are normally 10 but would sell me some for 5 each . and in the ecigs there is a heating element that needs to be replaced sometimes . i wanted to get a bunch of those since i have to send my husband his ecig overseas and wanted him to have plenty and not run out . so he told me since i was buying in bulk he would give them to me for 2.99 each instead of 5.99 each . nni purchased the stuff  out to 120.00. nnthe next day i decided to check out their website to see if they had any different liquids there that they didnt have at the kiosk . i see my ecig i just purchased and clicked on it to see what other colors they had that they didnt have at the kiosk . and to my surprise they were only 20 a piece on the website . yes you read that right . he charged me double the price that they sell it for online . this is a local small company . i completely understand being able to purchase some things cheaper online and the convenience of being able to view touch and check a product out in person . but double the price the liquids are only 5 online and the heating elements are only 1.99. so once again got charged more and ripped off there too . nndont worry the story gets better stillnnso i call the kiosk number listed on my receipt . i ask to speak to a manager . i get frank on the phone and i tell him my situation . his response was very rudely with tons of attitude in his voice and what does that have to do with me excuse me you are the manager same company etc . he told me online you are buying wholesale and this is retail . um . bullshit . but ok. so i asked him if i should call the online customer support . again very very rudely he replies you can do  you want . wow i then proceeded to tell him how much he sucks at doing his job . nnsoooooo i call the main phone number listed on the website . ring ring ... . hello yes a company listing this number online for a business answers the phone hello not the company name . so i asked if this was vapor tech he tells me yes . so i proceed to tell him about being charged double blah blah . he explains that online you dont get a lifetime warranty and at stores you do . so i get charged double the price because i get a lifetime warranty a lifetime warranty for a company that most likely wont be around that long but ok. nnnow heres the real kicker . so online you can buy 2 of those ecigs for 40. but i paid that price for 1 because i get a lifetime warranty right well the  part is if you try to use that lifetime warranty there is a restocking fee of 19.99. so for 60 i could buy 3 ecigs online but instead i get 1 at the kiosk for 40 then if it breaks i have that awesome lifetime warranty but i have to pay 20 restocking fee are you  me nnso continuing this guy im talking to is the owner of the company . and then i tell him about his rude manager at the kiosk . yeah he doesnt give 2 shits . he tells me if i buy any liquids online to let him know and hed throw a few bottles in there free for me . yeah im gon na go ahead and call  right now . if he wanted to resolve the situation he would have asked for my address right then and shipped some stuff to me . nnhorrible scam price gouging terrible customer service
__label__pos  they have huge  that are just  . a bit pricey and i wasnt as impressed with the nonsushi  . however the sushi is awesomenni would  getting an appetizer and just  straight into the   .
__label__pos  phuket thai for the first time my wife had the lunch special green curry still  up with enough leftover for another lunch . i asked if they had any whole fish dishes the owner made an off menu pompano fish in red curry . the ginger tea and  coffee were tasty and we finished with  coconut ice  . bring cash and  10. quantity and  were good service was a little slow .
__label__neg i had raiu done at dobson imaging earlier this week tuesday morning . the tech there said chandler endo  have my results by the end of the day . today friday christine called at 1115 and left a message for me to call back before noon as the phones were being turned off for the weekend . i called at 1125 which is last i heard before noon and left a vm . and 1150. and 1155 .  . 1157 . 1158. guess who never called me back.nnif the practice is too busy to efficiently handle their patients then they need to stop taking referrals and unfck their system . ill be giving my gp an earful and demanding a referral to a different endocrinologist on monday.nnedit 10 july dr belitsky somehow missed that my thyroid is 3x larger than normal crammed  of nodules and producing no as in less than 0.01mgdl tsh . this is beyond malpractice and into buttmonkey incompetence . ive since transferred to endocrinology  who whom ill be reviewing later .
__label__neg terrible bloody mary that took ten minutes to  .  was slow watched  come out and  multiple times to  customers . food was  at best .  building and decor is the only thing this  has to offer .
__label__neg  to try the new place we went around noon on a  place was less than half full so no waiting . we ordered and our burgers  surprisingly quickly . you would think they would be piping hot . but no they were just warm . had they been precooked it was curious . we ordered the cajun tots and an order of fries . the burgers were pretty tasteless not juicy which only added to our thoughts that they may have been precooked . fries were nothing special and the tots on top had a sprinkling of spices not enough to  the cajun label and very little spice flavor other than the ones on top . personally i think that if you are at the galleria and want a burger the burgers at houlihans are better . also and this may seem petty but i  being served on plastic  with the paper on the plate . we wont bother going back we felt the same way about the brgr in east liberty . too bad i was  for a  at that location it has been through a few iterations of restaurants .
__label__neg  down  the    the    door egg cream was extremely small along with too much soda . liked the fry seasoning but they were under cooked . long wait time for our food . given the burger competition on eastern ave. the space will be vacant by summer .
